{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\info
{\author The Financial Executives Networking Group}}\margl1080\margr1080\margb1080\margt1080\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs16 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 Mr. Timothy D. Valley (CPA), Greeting to use: Tim\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Stars Design Group, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1301 Gravois Road, St. Louis, MO, 63104, United States\u8232 Work #: +W-(314) 771-9152 ext: 11 \u8232 Home: 121 East Willow Bend, Glen Carbon, IL, 62034, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 288-6820 Cell Phone #: (314) 378-8140\u8232 E-Mail: T_Valley@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/09/2008  Last Login: 05/08/2018  Last Update: 05/17/2018  Job Date: 05/17/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; Manufacturing; Media; M&A/Corporate Development; Telecommunications; Treasury; Family Businesses; Investment Banking\u8232 Notes: e 2/22/08 Stars Design Group, Consultant, Millennium Digital Media Systems & MDM/US Net, Citicorp Mortgage, Browning Ferris Industries/Allied Waste, Coopers & Lybrand/PricewaterhouseCoopers; MBA Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, BS Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Sanders\u8232 ------\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \uc0\u8232 Ms. Judith M. Abrams, Greeting to use: Judy\u8232 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/judyabrams/\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer, Gateway Region YMCA\u8232 Work: 2815 Scott Avenue, Suite D, St. Louis, MO, 63103, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 421-8820 \u8232 Home: 36 Ridgetop Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 603-8507\u8232 E-Mail: judyabrams2@gmail.com or Judy.Abrams@GWRYMCA.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/21/2012  Last Login: 09/17/2023  Last Update: 09/28/2022  Job Date: 08/10/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Healthcare; M&A/Corporate Development; Not-for-Profit; Retailing; Construction Industry; Women's; Risk Management\u8232 Notes: Gateway Region YMCA, Tarlton Corporation, Jewish Federation of St. Louis, Sara Lee Bakery Group/The Earthgrains Co., Edison Brothers Stores; MBA Harvard Business School, BA Yale University\u8232 Sponsor: Denny Hoffmann\u8232 ------\
Ms. Jill L. Albitar (CPA), Greeting to use: Jill\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/jillalbitarcpa\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Gillespie & Powers, Inc.\u8232 Work: 9550 True Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63132, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 751-5530 \u8232 Home: 1921 Clarkwood Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (636) 751-5530\u8232 E-Mail: AlbitarJL@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/05/2010  Last Login: 11/09/2021  Last Update: 11/12/2021  Job Date: 02/27/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Private Equity; Family     Businesses; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Gillespie & Powers, Albitar Consulting, Rutledge Corp./The Phoenix Group & FoxPaw, Albitar Consulting, Armstrong Land Co., Silgan Plastics Corp., The Premcor Refinng Group, BP Oil, PricewaterhouseCoopers; MBA University of Pittsburgh, BS University of Akron, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Dale Copens\u8232 ------\
Ms. Judy C. Alexander-Weber (CPA), Greeting to use: Judy\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Clayco\u8232 Work: 2199 Innerbelt Business Center Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63114, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 592-2126 (636) 946-7911\u8232 Home: 1113 Castle Gate Villas Drive, Olivette, MO, 63132, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 265-8353\u8232 E-Mail: jcacpa83@hotmail.com or alexanderj@claycorp.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/28/2002  Last Update: 10/06/2011  Job Date: 10/06/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Not-for-Profit; Family Businesses; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: e 4/17/02 Clayco, Emmaus Homes, Central Institute For The Deaf, Grant Thornton; BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Suzanne Pea\u8232 ------\
Mr. Roger Archibald, Greeting to use: Roger\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, SAK Construction\u8232 Work: 864 Hoff Road, O'Fallon, MO, 63366, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 385-1039 \u8232 Home: 308 Tavern Creek Court, P.O. Box 198, St. Albans, MO, 63073, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 273-5475 Cell Phone #: (636) 579-6566\u8232 E-Mail: rlarchibald8297@att.net or rarchibald@sakcon.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/04/2007  Last Login: 04/15/2012  Last Update: 04/24/2012  Job Date: 04/24/2012\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Family Businesses; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: e 2/15/07 SAK Construction, C.L. Smith Co., Reproxdigital, Argosy Gaming Co., Arthur Andersen; BS Eastern Illinois University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Jeffrey B. Blume (CPA), Greeting to use: Jeff\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Central West End Builders, Inc.\u8232 Work: 501 North Taylor Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63121, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 454-0032 \u8232 Home: 7242 South Roland Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63121, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 383-4029 Cell Phone #: (314) 650-3311\u8232 E-Mail: jbblume@msn.com or jeffb.cweb@sbcglobal.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/18/2006  Last Login: 10/27/2016  Last Update: 12/15/2006  Job Date: 12/16/2006\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Manufacturing; Transportation & Logistics\u8232 Notes: e 6/1/06 Central West End Builders, City of Pasadena Hills, Missouri, Quest Diagnostics Incorporated, Sigma-Aldrich Corp., Slay Industries, Arthur Andersen & Co., Pacific Dunlop Limited/P.D. Holdings/Penaljo Shoe Corp.  (Australia & Missouri), Deloitte & Touche; MBA University of Missouri BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Don Ficken, Bill Slaughter\u8232 ------\
Mr. Chad E. Brady, Greeting to use: Chad\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, IT & Operations/Divisional Chief Financial Officer, Caleres\u8232 Work: St. Louis, MO, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 555 Old Logging Road, Eureka, MO, 63025, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 587-3661 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (479) 366-3609\u8232 E-Mail: chad_brady@ymail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/01/2017  Last Login: 02/09/2022  Last Update: 02/17/2022  Job Date: 02/17/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Los Angeles (Hollywood/Santa Monica), CA; Los Angeles (Orange County), CA; Los Angeles (South Bay), CA; San Diego, CA\u8232 SIGs: M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Private Equity; Food Industry; Hospitality\u8232 Notes: Caleres/Brown Shoe, Ulta, Express Scripts, Save-A-Lot, Citigroup, Walmart, Fila, Francis Howell School District, Bunge, Nine West Group; MBA St. Louis University, BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Steve Rasche\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael J. Brand (CPA), Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Charles L. Crane Agency\u8232 Work: 100 North Broadway, Suite 900, St Louis, MO, 63102, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 206-4164 \u8232 Home: 2159 Trailcrest Drive, St Louis, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 965-2427 Home Fax: (314) 909-9882 Cell Phone #: (314) 941-0927\u8232 E-Mail: michael.brand77@att.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/29/2012  Last Login: 10/11/2015  Last Update: 10/22/2015  Job Date: 05/19/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Insurance; Manufacturing; Retailing; Risk Management; Workouts; Family Businesses; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: Charles L. Crane Agency, Consultant, LaBarge Coating/LaBarge Pipe & Steel Co., Dierbergs Markets, Venture Stores, Ernst & Young; BS Wharton University of Pennsylvania, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Salamone\u8232 ------\
Mr. Kevin D. Brockman, Greeting to use: Kevin\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Kennelwood Village Inc.\u8232 Work: 40 Ronnies Plaza, Saint Louis,, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Home: 13133 Roundstone Court, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 570-7347\u8232 E-Mail: brockman.kevin@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/09/2003  Last Login: 03/09/2015  Last Update: 03/16/2015  Job Date: 03/16/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; Retailing; Family Businesses; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: e 02/12/03 Kennelwood Village, Creve Coeur Camera, Jahabow Industries, Landmark Contract Management, Monsanto Co.; MBA Southern Illinois University, BS University of Nebraska, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Dick Frizzell\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark T. Cammarata (CPA), Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Sunset Transportation, Inc.\u8232 Work: 10877 Watson Road, St. Louis, MO, 63127, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 849-0685 +ext: 1108 \u8232 Home: 9804 Sapphire Creek, St. Louis, MO, 63123, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 638-4323 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 629-2960\u8232 E-Mail: mcammarata@gmail.com or mcammarata@sunsettrans.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/27/2005  Last Login: 07/26/2022  Last Update: 08/05/2022  Job Date: 01/16/2006\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 Notes: e 11/14/05 Sunset Transportation, Schroeder & Tremayne/SBI, GE Capital Information Technology Solutions/AmeriData, KPMG Peat Marwick; BBA University of Notre Dame, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Scott L. Cooper, Greeting to use: Scott\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Nutra Blend, LLC\u8232 Work: 3200 East 2nd Street, Neosho, MO, 64850, United States\u8232 Home: 3453 Jackpot Lane, Joplin, MO, 64804, United States\u8232 Home #: (417) 389-5375 Cell Phone #: (330) 338-4817\u8232 E-Mail: coopers45@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/29/2007  Last Login: 05/21/2013  Last Update: 07/21/2011  Job Date: 07/15/2011\u8232 Chapters: Cleveland, OH; Saint Louis, MO; Omaha, NE; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Transportation & Logistics\u8232 Notes: e 7/18/07 Nutra Blend, Paoli, NutriScience Technologies, Cyclone Trucking Co., Oklahoma Steel & Wire Co.; MBA Drake University, BBA Iowa State University\u8232 Sponsor: Lamar Ratcliffe\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark J. Deadwyler, Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President/Chief Financial Officer-Global Operations\u8232 Work: MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 803-8317 \u8232 Home: 14318 Manderleigh Woods Drive, Town & Country, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 803-8317\u8232 E-Mail: markdeadwyler@gmail.com or markdeadwyler@icloud.com Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 12/13/2020  Last Login: 06/01/2021  Last Update: 12/20/2021\u8232 Chapters: Bergen County, NJ; Saint Louis, MO; Warren, NJ\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Pharmaceuticals; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Teva Pharmaceuticals, Monsanto Co.; MBA University of Missouri at St. Louis, BS University of Missouri at Columbia\u8232 Sponsor: Leonie Forristal\u8232 ------\
Mr. Samuel W. Duggan (II, CPA), Greeting to use: Sam\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer, Stupp Bros., Inc.\u8232 Work: 3800 Weber Road, St. Louis, MO, 63125, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 544-7555 (314) 638-2660\u8232 Home: 1339 Countryside Manor Place, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 530-6983 Cell Phone #: (314) 229-0323\u8232 E-Mail: swduggan@stupp.com or swdugganii@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/01/2004  Last Login: 11/14/2019  Last Update: 09/05/2017  Job Date: 03/15/2013\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Treasury; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 1/19/04 Stupp Bros., Stereotaxis, RehabCare Group, Kellwood Co., MEMC Electronic Materials, KPMG; MBA University of Notre Dame, BSBA Saint Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Cornfeld, Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Mr. Richard A. Erlanger, Greeting to use: Dick\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer\u8232 Work: 1110 Doral Drive, Columbia, MO, 65203-0985, United States\u8232 Work #: (626) 421-8621 \u8232 Home: 1110 Doral Drive, Columbia, MO, 65203, United States\u8232 Home #: (573) 228-6689 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (626) 421-8621\u8232 E-Mail: raerlanger@gmail.com or rae@theahi.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/20/2007  Last Login: 06/18/2018  Last Update: 09/21/2021  Job Date: 07/10/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; M&A/Corporate Development; Not-for-Profit; Workouts; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 5/2/07 Digintel, Globex Brands & PLB Group, Erlanger Associates, Alexander & Alexander, Teknekron, McKinsey & Co., Arthur D. Little, U.S. Navy, General Electric Co.; MBA Columbia University, BA Hamilton College\u8232 Sponsor: Shawn Dunn\u8232 ------\
Mr. David P. Finlon, Greeting to use: Dave\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, PlayPower, Inc.\u8232 Work: 13523 Barett Parkway Drive, Suite 104, St. Louis, MO, 63021-5880, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 984-9201 \u8232 Home: 2847 Sharon View Road, Charlotte, NC, 28210, United States\u8232 Home #: (704) 554-7057 Home Fax: (704) 554-7057 Cell Phone #: (704) 906-6597\u8232 E-Mail: dave28273@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/23/2005  Last Login: 12/11/2019  Last Update: 02/10/2007  Job Date: 03/08/2005\u8232 Chapters: Charlotte, NC\u8232 SIGs: Media; Retailing\u8232 Notes: e 1/11/05 PlayPower, Baker & Taylor Corp., W.R. Grace; MBA Carnegie-Mellon University, BS Penn State University\u8232 Sponsor: Jack Goldstein, Tom Maupin\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark T. Fleming, Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance/Chief Financial Officer, Nidec Motor Corporation - Appliance Motors & Controls\u8232 Work: 8050 West Florissant, Saint Louis, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 595-8746 \u8232 Home: 9115 Pennant Lane, Saint Louis, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 729-1952 Cell Phone #: (314) 452-3270\u8232 E-Mail: markfleming@rocketmail.com or m.fleming@nidec-motor.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/11/2014  Last Login: 11/05/2014  Last Update: 05/07/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: Nidec Motor Corp./Emerson Motor Co./Emerson Electric; MBA Webster University, BS Missouri State University\u8232 Sponsor: Beth Miller\u8232 ------\
Mr. Jeffrey W. Gallentine (CPA), Greeting to use: Jeff\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Wagner Logistics\u8232 Work: 1201 E 12th Ave, North Kansas City, MO, 64116, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 18343 Lamar Avenue, Stilwell, KS, 66085, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (816) 679-9643\u8232 E-Mail: jwgallentine@gmail.com or stingrayenterprises@yahoo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/26/2013  Last Login: 02/09/2022  Last Update: 12/30/2021  Job Date: 12/18/2021\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Automotive Industry; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Private Equity; Real Estate; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Wagner Logistics, Union Hill Properties/Frye & Co., Clio Holdings, Weld Racing, PAS Technologies, Westlake Hardware, Relco Corp./Reliable Automotive, Arrow Speed Warehouse, Hallmark Cards, Grant Thornton; BS University of Missouri at Kansas City, AS Drury College, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Peterson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Gary H. Gates, Greeting to use: Gary\uc0\u8232 Work: Fractional Chief Financial Officer, Tarsus CFO Services\u8232 Work: 4900 Main Street, Suite 750, Kansas City, MO, 64112, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 536-7159 \u8232 Home: 4505 NW Baltimore Court, Kansas City, MO, 64116, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 452-4164 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (816) 536-7159\u8232 E-Mail: ghgates4505@gmail.com or ggates@tarsuscfo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/09/1999  Last Login: 09/11/2023  Last Update: 02/07/2022  Job Date: 10/14/2020\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Risk Management; Treasury\u8232 Notes: e 1/8/99 Tarsus CFO Services, Xikar, American Italian Pasta Co., EnergyOne, UtiliCorp United, Kraft Foods, General Foods USA, Oscar Mayer Foods; MBA University of Iowa, BBA University of Iowa\u8232 Sponsor: Michael Allen\u8232 ------\
Mr. Paul M. Green (CPA), Greeting to use: Paul\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, GPX, Inc.\u8232 Work: 900 North 23rd Street, St. Louis, MO, 63106, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 657-2330 (314) 621-0869\u8232 Home: 752 Emerald Oaks Court, Eureka, MO, 63025, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 938-6123 Cell Phone #: (314) 651-9210\u8232 E-Mail: pmjeg99@aol.com or pgreen@gpx.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/05/2002  Last Update: 06/18/2006  Job Date: 02/28/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Transportation & Logistics\u8232 Notes: e 4/23/02 GPX, Huntco, Jumping Jack Shoes; BS Southwest Missouri State University, CMA, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Don Ficken, Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Stephen E. Guthrie (CPA), Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Landmark Bank, NA\u8232 Work: PO Box 1867, Columbia, MO, 65205-1867, United States\u8232 Work #: (573) 441-2835 (573) 443-7399\u8232 Home: 3728 South Old Ridge Court, Columbia, MO, 65203, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (908) 672-8142\u8232 E-Mail: seguthrie001@gmail.com or steve.guthrie@landmarkbank.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/22/2003  Last Login: 10/06/2015  Last Update: 09/02/2018  Job Date: 06/13/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Capital Markets\u8232 Notes: e 06/04/03 Landmark Bank NA, Capmark Finance, TYCO Electronics, AT&T Corp./SBC Communications, Pharmacia Corp./Pfizer/Monsanto Co.; MBA Washington University at St. Louis, BSBA University of Missouri, CPA, IIA\u8232 Sponsor: Dan Lopuch\u8232 ------\
Mr. Matthew K. Harbaugh, Greeting to use: Matt\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer/Vice President Covidien Pharmaceuticals, Covidien\u8232 Work: 675 McDonnell Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63042, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 654-8677 \u8232 Home: 14507 Wellington Estates Manor, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 227-0235 Cell Phone #: (314) 825-8637\u8232 E-Mail: matthewharbaugh@gmail.com or matthew.harbaugh@covidien.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/01/2007  Last Update: 07/16/2011  Job Date: 03/09/2008\u8232 Chapters: Chicago (Suburban), IL; Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: e 6/21/07 Covidien, Cerberus Capital Management, Monsanto Co. (US, Argentina & Canada), Enterprise Rent-A-Car; MBA Kellogg Northwestern University, BSBA St. Louis University\u8232 Sponsor: David Cornfield\u8232 ------\
Ms. Beverly K. Hellwig, Greeting to use: Beverly\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/beverlyhellwig/\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, VNA Kansas City\u8232 Work: 1500 Meadow Lake Parkway, Kansas City, MO, 64114, United States\u8232 Work #: (913) 579-2931 \u8232 Home: 14401 Windsor Drive, Leawood, KS, 66224, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 579-2931 Home Fax: (913) 579-2931 Cell Phone #: (913) 579-2931\u8232 E-Mail: beverly.hellwig@gmail.com or beverly.hellwig@unitedheating.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/09/2017  Last Login: 11/18/2023  Last Update: 08/20/2022  Job Date: 08/20/2022\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Healthcare; Construction Industry; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: VNA Kansas City, Consultant, United Heating & Cooling, Vista Outdoor/Bushnell, Consultant, Black & Veatch, Village Shalom, Heartland Behavioral Health/Psychiatric Solutions, Taylor & McFarlin; BS University of Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Tony Kelley\u8232 ------\
Mr. Kevin Herr, Greeting to use: Kevin\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Swank Motion Pictures\u8232 Work: 10795 Watson Road, St. Louis, MO, 63127, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 488-7369 \u8232 Home: 6 Broadview Farm Road, Creve Coeur, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 488-7369E-Mail: kevinherr@hotmail.com or anneherr@hotmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/09/2017  Last Update: 04/08/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Healthcare; High Technology; Media; Retailing; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Swank Motion Pictures, Lumeris & Essence Healthcare, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Procter & Gamble, Macy's/May, Thomas & Betts, American Digital Co.; MS Washington University, MBA University of Notre Dame, BA Maryville University\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Reed\u8232 ------\
Mr. Dennis A. Hoffmann, Greeting to use: Denny\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Provident Inc.\u8232 Work: 2650 Olive Street, St. Louis, MO, 63103, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 802-2632 \u8232 Home: 225 Cornelia Avenue, Glendale, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 822-2641 Cell Phone #: (314) 580-5648\u8232 E-Mail: dahoffmann@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/15/2010  Last Login: 09/28/2020  Last Update: 04/25/2012  Job Date: 04/25/2012\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; High Technology; Manufacturing; Not-for-Profit; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: Provident, Eagle Industries, Pfizer, Consultant, Purina Mills, Monsanto Co., Boeing Co./McDonnell Douglas Corp., Ernst & Young; MBA Saint Louis University, BSBA Saint Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Dan Kreher\u8232 ------\
Mr. John H. Huitsing (CPA), Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Employer Advantage\u8232 Work: 3131 Ten Pin Lane, Joplin, MO, 64801, United States\u8232 Work #: (417) 782-3909 \u8232 Home: 3423 Brownell Avenue, Joplin, MO, 64804, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (417) 622-1784\u8232 E-Mail: jhuit5603@gmail.com or jghuitsing@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/09/2007  Last Login: 07/03/2023  Last Update: 12/04/2022  Job Date: 01/02/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Wichita, KS; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO; Tulsa, OK\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Healthcare; Information Technology; Manufacturing; Professional Services; Family Businesses; Aerospace & Defense Companies; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: e 08/28/07 Employer Advantage, Premier Surgical Institute, Day & Zimmermann, Oklamoma Ice Co., Gilbert H. Wild & Son, Michigan Bulb Co., Arthur Andersen & Co.; BBA Western Michigan University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Scott Armstrong\u8232 ------\
Mr. Joseph F. Huss, Greeting to use: Joseph\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, MHS Legacy Group, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1054 Central Industrial Drive, Saint Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 6334973 (314) 540-3464\u8232 Home: 607 Saint George Chappel Court, St. Charles, MO, 63304, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 540-3464\u8232 E-Mail: jhuss@mhslegacy.com or josephfhuss@yahoo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/29/2006  Last Login: 01/03/2023  Last Update: 12/30/2020  Job Date: 05/17/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: e 10/19/06 MHS Legacy Group, Midwest Biodiesel Products, Pacific Development, HBE Corp., Orius Telecommunication Services/Orius Corp., MHS Legacy Group/Young Holdings, Millstone Bangert, D.G. Durham North America, McCarthy, Engineered Air Systems/ESSI/Engineered Support Systems, Ernst & Young; BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Sepe\u8232 ------\
Mr. Wade L. Hylton, Greeting to use: Wade\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, PolyAd Holdings, LLC\u8232 Work: 4170 Shoreline Drive, Saint Louis, MO, 63045, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 506-3176 \u8232 Home: 2034 Fairway Bend, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 519-9745 Cell Phone #: (314) 308-4657\u8232 E-Mail: w.hylton@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/25/2007  Last Login: 05/23/2015  Last Update: 06/06/2015  Job Date: 03/01/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management; Treasury; Automotive Industry; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 3/14/07 PolyAd Holdings, Laird Technologies, Silgan Plastics Corp., ContinentalAFA Dispensing Co., Silgan Plastics Corp., Farnsworth Group; MBA Washington University in St. Louis, BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA, CMA, CFM, CTP\u8232 Sponsor: Gerry Modglin\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael G. Kean (CPA, CIA), Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Dismas House of St Louis\u8232 Work: 7111 South Rock Hill Road, St. Louis, MO, 63123, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 656 Stonebrook Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (704) 258-6281\u8232 E-Mail: mkeannc@hotmail.com or mkeanm0@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/22/2002  Last Login: 05/04/2023  Last Update: 11/07/2023  Job Date: 04/01/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Insurance; Risk Management; Treasury; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: e 12/08/02 Dismas House of St Louis. Midwest Employers Casualty Co., SCOR Global Life US/Transamerica Re, National Western Life Insurance Co., Consultant, Scottish Reinsurance, Royal & SunAlliance, Allied Group, Coopers & Lybrand; MBA Drake University, BA University of Northern Iowa; CFA, CLU, CPCU, CIA, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Seltenreich\u8232 ------\
Ms. Yvonne J. Kean (CPA, CMA), Greeting to use: Yvonne\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Water.org\u8232 Work: 920 Main Street, Suite 1800, Kansas City, MO, 64105, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 877-8410 (816) 421-2086\u8232 Home: 408 East 31st Avenue, North Kansas City, MO, 64116, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 560-2763 Cell Phone #: (816) 560-2763\u8232 E-Mail: yjkean@gmail.com or ykean@water.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/24/2004  Last Login: 04/04/2017  Last Update: 02/16/2015  Job Date: 02/16/2015\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Insurance; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: e 5/24/04 Water.org/WaterPartners International, Samuel Rodgers Health Center, Americo Financial Life & Annuity Insurance Co., Greater Kansas City Community Foundation, Business Men's Assurance Co., Wolkow Sharp Calys & Flint CPA's; BS University of Missouri, CPA, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Brook\u8232 ------\
Ms. Christine M. Keefe (CPA), Greeting to use: Chris\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Metro Imaging\u8232 Work: 11615 Olive Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63141-7001, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 333-6725 (314) 432-0178\u8232 Home: 12843 Nanell Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63127, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 849-7005 Cell Phone #: (314) 409-2053\u8232 E-Mail: chriskeefe@prodigy.net or cfo@metroimaging.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/26/2002  Last Update: 03/09/2009\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare\u8232 Notes: e 5/14/02 Metro Imaging, BKD, Kuehn, Smith & Co.; BSA  University of Missouri-Columbia\u8232 Sponsor: Larry Weiss\u8232 ------\
Mr. Gregg A. Kipers, Greeting to use: Gregg\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Paris Brothers Inc.\u8232 Work: 8800 Underground Drive, Kansas City, MO, 64161, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 423-5488 \u8232 Home: 908 Branchwood Drive, Lawrence, KS, 66049, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (785) 438-7511\u8232 E-Mail: gkipers1@sbcglobal.net or gakipers@parisbrothers.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/15/2018  Last Login: 05/26/2022  Last Update: 07/13/2018\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Transportation & Logistics; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Paris Brothers, Amsted RPS/Amsted Industries, American Italian Pasta Co./ConAgra Foods, MachineryLink, Colgate-Palmolive/Hill's Pet Nutrition, Quaker Oats, General Mills; BS University of Kansas at Lawrence, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Joe Fitzgerald, Gary Gates\u8232 ------\
Mr. James E. Kleikamp, Greeting to use: Jim\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Holland 1916, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1300 Burlington, North Kansas City, MO, 64116, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 591-1801 \u8232 Home: 3110 West 137th Street, Leawood, KS, 66224, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 851-3870 Cell Phone #: (816) 591-1801\u8232 E-Mail: jimkleikamp@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/19/2017  Last Update: 02/18/2017\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Information Technology; Manufacturing; Risk Management; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: Holland 1916, StoneGate MotorPlaza, Dahmer Powertrain, Progress Instruments, zBanc Home Mortgage, Peoples Bank, FDIC; BSBA University of Kansas at Lawrence\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Hoggatt\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ronald R. Kraus (Jr.), Greeting to use: Ron\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Rise Community Development\u8232 Work: 611 Olive Street, Suite 1641, Saint Louis, MO, 63101, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 700-6333 (314) 231-9186\u8232 Home: 2140 Avalon Cove Court, Fenton, MO, 63026, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 861-8368 Cell Phone #: (314) 401-0292\u8232 E-Mail: krausrlcc@gmail.com or ron@risestl.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/16/2011  Last Login: 09/26/2023  Last Update: 12/06/2013\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Not-for-Profit; Real Estate\u8232 Notes: Rise Community Development/Regional Housing & Community Development Alliance, American Eagle Credit Union, Edison Brothers Stores, KPMG Peat Marwick; BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daniel P. Maher, Greeting to use: Dan\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, M&M Pump and Supply, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1125 Olivette Executive Parkway, Suite 110, St. Louis, MO, 63132, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 395-8122 (314) 395-8562\u8232 Home: 5107 Little Creek Lane, Godfrey, IL, 62035, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 466-1578 Cell Phone #: (618) 974-8923\u8232 E-Mail: dmaher@mandmpump.com or dpmaher@piasanet.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/05/2003  Last Update: 07/22/2014  Job Date: 05/05/2004\u8232 Chapters: Chicago (Suburban), IL; Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Real Estate; Workouts\u8232 Notes: e 09/21/03 Main Development Co., Woodson Engineering, Bruce W. Main, Paramount Headwear, Todd Uniform, Mead Corp., Bunzl USA, Anheuser-Busch Companies, KPMG Peat Marwick; BS Southern Illinois University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Schafers, Barry Cooper\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael A. Manning (CPA), Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, AgJunction\u8232 Work: 11211 NW 77th Street, Parkville, MO, 64152, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 678-2336 \u8232 Home: 11211 NW 77th Street, Parkville, MO, 64152, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 678-2336 Cell Phone #: (816) 678-2336\u8232 E-Mail: mikemanning@att.net or mikemanning76@hotmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/11/2011  Last Login: 11/19/2023  Last Update: 06/25/2018  Job Date: 06/25/2018\u8232 Chapters: Dallas, TX; Denver, CO; Saint Louis, MO; Seattle, WA; Tampa, FL; Orlando, FL; Jacksonville, FL; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Automotive Industry; Aerospace & Defense Companies; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: AgJunction, AGC Composites & Aerostructures/AGC Aerospace-Unitech, ASSA ABLOY, Cargotec Holding, Williams Group/W Kidde Portables, Multivac, Chromalloy Castings Corp., General Cable Co., American Agronomics, Wisconsin Centrifugal/Atlantic Richfield/Argo Metals; MBA University of South Florida Tampa, BBA University of Wisconsin at Madison, AS University of Wisconsin Center, CPA, CGMA, Fluent in German & Spanish\u8232 Sponsor: Laura Rodda\u8232 ------\
Ms. Mary Lou March, Greeting to use: Mary Lou\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Nurses for Newborns Foundation\u8232 Work: St. Louis, MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 616-5329 \u8232 Home: 1051 Big Bend Crossing Drive, Manchester, MO, 63088, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 616-5329\u8232 E-Mail: marchmarylou@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/13/2009  Last Login: 04/06/2020  Last Update: 04/18/2020  Job Date: 08/29/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: Nurses for Newborns Foundation, Mid-America Transplant Services, Entemann's/Oroweat Foods Co./Arnold; MBA Pace University, BBA Iona College\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Grazick\u8232 ------\
Mr. Steven K. Marr, Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/steven-marr-mba-cma-cgeit-crisc-cisa-lqa-b342a15/\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Renewal by Andersen, St. Louis, Southwest Missouri & Memphis Tennessee\u8232 Work: 13397 Lakefront Drive, Suite 201, Earth City, MO, 63045, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 795-2150 \u8232 Home: 21 Streamside Court, St. Charles, MO, 63303, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 795-2150 Home Fax: (858) 815-7694 Cell Phone #: (636) 795-2150\u8232 E-Mail: stevenmarr@charter.net or smarr@stevemarr.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/06/2004  Last Login: 11/10/2023  Last Update: 11/18/2023  Job Date: 12/07/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Workouts; Automotive Industry; High Technology; Information Technology; Professional Services; Credit / Working Capital Management; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 5/26/04  Birner Group, Chameleon Integrated Services, Stone Carlie CPA's Advisors, Siegel-Robert Automotive, Visant Corp./RR Donnelley, Jostens Holdings, Clean Earth Technologies, Whitmire Micro-Gen Research Laboratories, Primex Technologies, Mitchell Humphrey & Co., Pohlman/Amron, Lincoln Industrial, King Radio Corp., Cramer, Binkley Corp., Chesebrough-Ponds; MBA Lindenwood University, BS Kansas State University, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Kim Miller\u8232 ------\
Mr. James R. McMillin (Jr., CPA), Greeting to use: Jim\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance & Chief Financial Officer, ELANTAS PDG, Inc. (Altana AG)\u8232 Work: 5200 North 2nd Street, St. Louis, MO, 63147, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 622-8743 (314) 622-8702\u8232 Home: 8 Blackpool Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63132, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 983-0801 Home Fax: (770) 353-2185 Cell Phone #: (314) 484-1170\u8232 E-Mail: jcemcmillin@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/10/2002  Last Update: 01/03/2009  Job Date: 07/16/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 2/27/02 ELANTAS PDG/George Company/Altana AG, Sensient Technologies Corp., Lafarge SA, Blue Circle Industries PLC, McMillin Collis & Associates, Ernst & Young; BS The Ohio State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: George Shields\u8232 ------\
Mr. Thomas H. Mengwasser, Greeting to use: Tom\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Fleming & Company, Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Work: 1733 Gilsinn Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63046, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 343-5306 (636) 343-5322\u8232 Home: 903 South Meramec, Clayton, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 727-5085 Home Fax: (314) 721-8695 Cell Phone #: (314) 409-6506\u8232 E-Mail: tmengw@aol.com or thmengwasser@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/10/2001  Last Login: 02/18/2017  Last Update: 05/13/2013  Job Date: 09/30/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; High Technology; M&A/Corporate Development; Pharmaceuticals; Family Businesses; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 6/25/01 Fleming & Co., Medev, Infinitech, Clarkson Group, Donelan Phelps & Co.; BS Washington University\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert D. Mete, Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer/Financial Leader, TBD\u8232 Work: MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 239-0191 \u8232 Home: 3211 Sunrise Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 239-0191\u8232 E-Mail: robert.d.mete@gmail.com or wiscometer@yahoo.com Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 03/12/2017  Last Login: 11/20/2023  Last Update: 11/02/2023  Job Date: 02/24/2023\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Credit / Working Capital Management; Leasing Industry; Private Equity; Banking; Treasury; Workouts\u8232 Notes: 8th Avenue Food & Provisions, Alitus Properties, Mills Properties, BJC Healthcare, John Volpi & Co., Manno Pro Products, Furniture Brands International, GE Commercial Distribution Finance, Heller Financial Leasing, IBM Global Financing, CAB TECH; MBA DePaul University, BBA University of Wisconsin at Madison\u8232 Sponsor: Larry Lipschutz\u8232 ------\
Mr. John D. Modder, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Legacy Pharmaceutical Packaging LLC\u8232 Work: MO, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 432 Fairway Lane, Kirkwood, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (303) 502-4564\u8232 E-Mail: moddj5@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/01/2016  Last Login: 11/06/2023  Last Update: 11/15/2023  Job Date: 11/22/2019\u8232 Chapters: Chicago (Suburban), IL; Denver, CO; Phoenix, AZ; Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: Legacy Pharmaceutical Packaging, Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals, Covidien/Tyco Healthcare, Mallinckrodt, IMCERA Group; MBA DePaul University, BS Eastern Illinois University, CMA, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: George Kegler\u8232 ------\
Mr. Gerard P. Modglin (CPA), Greeting to use: Gerry\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Buse Industries Inc.\u8232 Work: 4806 Trade Access Boulevard, Suite 100, Hazelwood, MO, 63042, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 4853407 (636) 485-3407\u8232 Home: 214 country Hollow Court, Saint Charles, MO, 63304, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 485-3407 Cell Phone #: (636) 485-3407\u8232 E-Mail: gerardmodglin@charter.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/16/2006  Last Login: 01/15/2022  Last Update: 10/08/2020  Job Date: 11/22/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: e 6/30/06 Buse Industries, Herndon Products, Aurora Trailer, Warrenton Copper, Vertex Chemical Corp., Brand Services, Silgan Plastics Corp., Brown Group, Arthur Andersen & Co.; BS Creighton University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Greg LaFontain\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert E. Mohrmann (CPA), Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, REM Partners\u8232 Work: 29 Picardy Hill Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 269-6045 \u8232 Home: 29 Picardy Hill Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 994-1977 Cell Phone #: (314) 541-7967\u8232 E-Mail: rmstl@msn.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/26/2003  Last Update: 12/23/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; Internal Audit; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: e 10/16/03 REM Partners, Wetterau, Pretium Packaging, Mallinckrodt Group, PricewaterhouseCoopers; BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Kathy AuBuchon\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert Moore (CPA), Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, TCI Products Company\u8232 Work: 420 East De Soto Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63147, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 231-3075 ext: 305 \u8232 Home: 1163 Wildhorse Meadows Drive, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home Fax: (636) 530-9324 Cell Phone #: (314) 825-6277\u8232 E-Mail: bmoore4588@aol.com or robertxmoore@aol.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/06/2001  Last Login: 05/11/2019  Last Update: 05/29/2019  Job Date: 05/29/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management; Transportation & Logistics; Treasury; Credit / Working Capital Management; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 4/30/01 TCI Products Co., ESAB Welding & Cutting Products/Victor Technologies International/Thermadyne Holdings Corp./Colfax Corp., Charter Communications, Mallinckrodt/MKG, Curry Lenhardt & Co. CPA's; BS Saint Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes, Ron Greenspan\u8232 ------\
Ms. Michelle M. Mull, Greeting to use: Michelle\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, LPG Ventures\u8232 Work: 971 North Jefferson Street, Kearney, MO, 64060, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 545-9190 \u8232 Home: 300 Bonnie Lane, Liberty, MO, 64068, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (435) 901-1016\u8232 E-Mail: michelle@michellemull.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/26/2012  Last Login: 09/08/2023  Last Update: 09/29/2023  Job Date: 02/16/2015\u8232 Chapters: Salt Lake City, UT; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Manufacturing; Real Estate; Construction Industry; Hospitality; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: LPG Ventures, DCP International/Destination Club Realty/The Elite Alliance/Leading Residences of the World/Destination Club Management/DEA & Associates, Crossland Mortgage, Cardiology Consultants of Utah, Hallmark Cards; MS University of Phoenix, MBA University of Missouri, BS Rockhurst University\u8232 Sponsor: Tammy Bobbitt\u8232 ------\
Mr. Patrick J. Ottensmeyer, Greeting to use: Pat\uc0\u8232 Work: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Kansas City Southern\u8232 Work: 427 West 12th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64105, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 983-1702 (816) 983-1297\u8232 Home: 358 Basswood Road, Lake Forest, IL, 60045, United States\u8232 Home #: (847) 615-8131 Home Fax: (847) 615-8136 Cell Phone #: (847) 910-5481\u8232 E-Mail: pjottensmeyer@msn.com or pjottensmeyer@email.msn.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/10/1999  Last Update: 08/18/2007  Job Date: 08/19/2007\u8232 Chapters: Chicago (Suburban), IL; New York, NY; Chicago (Downtown), IL; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Investor Relations; Transportation & Logistics\u8232 Notes: f 10/5/99 Kansas City Southern, Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corp., Santa Fe Pacific Corp., Manufacturers & Traders National Bank, Bank of America, Security Pacific National Bank, National Bank of Detroit; BS Indiana University\u8232 Sponsor: Sam Brilliant\u8232 ------\
Mr. Christopher R. Parcell (CPA), Greeting to use: Chris\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Connectria LLC\u8232 Work: 10845 Olive Boulevard, Suite 300, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 587-7080 \u8232 Home: 3019 Windsor Point Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 952-2247\u8232 E-Mail: parcell_chris@yahoo.com or cparcell@connectria.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/24/2013  Last Login: 09/05/2017  Last Update: 09/21/2017  Job Date: 09/21/2017\u8232 Chapters: Charleston, SC; Charlotte, NC; Saint Louis, MO; Richmond, VA; Raleigh, NC\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Healthcare; High Technology; Insurance; Hospitality\u8232 Notes: Connectria Hosting, Express Scripts, Brightstar Corp., Patriot Coal, American Power Conversion/Schneider Electric, SAVVIS, Panera Bread, Coventry Healthcare, Citicorp Mortgage/Source One Mortgage, First Colony Life/Genworth, AMF Reece; BBA James Madison University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Chris Knibb\u8232 ------\
Mr. Timothy G. Pierce, Greeting to use: Tim\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Gonzalez Companies LLC\u8232 Work: 1750 South Brentwood Boulevard, Suite 700, Saint Louis, MO, 63144, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 705-2116 \u8232 Home: 633 Florence Avenue, Webster Groves, MO, 63119, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 968-0243 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 705-2116\u8232 E-Mail: tpierce@gocos.net or timothy.g.pierce@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/09/2018  Last Login: 11/18/2021  Last Update: 11/22/2021  Job Date: 11/22/0021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Media; M&A/Corporate Development; Treasury; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Gonzalez Companies, Amitech Solutions, Macroeconomic Advisers/IHS Markit, Thomson Reuters Americas, Bridge Information Systems, PricewaterhouseCoopers; BSBA Washington University in St. Louis, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Frank Sanfilippo \u8232 ------\
Mr. Paul M. Porter, Greeting to use: Paul\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, RF Controls \u8232 Work: 1400 South 3rd Street, St. Louis, MO, 63104, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 584-1501 \u8232 Home: 4368 Laclede Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63108, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 393-5077\u8232 E-Mail: porter.paul@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/01/2016  Last Update: 05/07/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; High Technology; Manufacturing; Workouts\u8232 Notes: RF Controls, Performance Management Group, Summit Marketing Group, NationsBanc/Boatman's Bank of St. Louis, Household Commercial Financial Services; MBA Kellogg Northwestern University, BSME Bradley University\u8232 Sponsor: Timothy Leland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Steven P. Rasche, Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer, Spire Inc.\u8232 Work: 700 Market Street, 6th floor, St. Louis, MO, 63101, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 342-3348 \u8232 Home: 216 Sunway Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 469-6161 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 517-6080\u8232 E-Mail: Steve.Rasche@spireenergy.com or sprasche@sbcglobal.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/07/2004  Last Login: 02/10/2022  Last Update: 02/21/2022  Job Date: 01/26/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources\u8232 Notes: e 2/24/04 Spire/Laclede Group, TLC Vision Corp., Public Safety Equipment, Unigroup/United Van Lines, Price Waterhouse; MBA Northwestern University, BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes, Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Mr. Dale J. Rees, Greeting to use: Dale\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Volpi Foods\u8232 Work: 5263 Northrup Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 628-6834 \u8232 Home: 2172 Wildwood Meadows Court, Wildwood, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 628-6834 Cell Phone #: (636) 628-6834\u8232 E-Mail: dalejrees@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/09/2018  Last Login: 12/17/2019  Last Update: 02/05/2019  Job Date: 02/05/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; High Technology; International; Manufacturing; Pharmaceuticals; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: Volpi Foods, Mallinckrodt Pharmaceuticals/Covidien/Tyco Healthcare, MEMC Electronic Materials/SunEdison, The Boeing Co.; MBA Saint Louis University, BS Truman State University\u8232 Sponsor: John Modder\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark D. Rowland (CPA), Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Spectrum Brands Inc. - Home & Garden Division\u8232 Work: 2150 Schuetz, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 308-6963 \u8232 Home: 214 Highland Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 909-4815 Cell Phone #: (314) 308-6963\u8232 E-Mail: mark.rowland@yahoo.com or mark.rowland@spectrumbrands.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/02/2005  Last Login: 10/08/2013  Last Update: 02/20/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 9/20/05 Spectrum Brands/United Industries Corp., Watlow Electric Manufacturing Co., Sinclair & Rush, Enterprise Leasing Co., Croghan & Croghan; BA University of St. Thomas, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
Mr. Donald G. Rudolph (CPA), Greeting to use: Don\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, AVMATS\u8232 Work: 18377 Edison Avenue, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 532-2674 \u8232 Home: 1234 Oak Borough Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 391-1128 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 452-8576\u8232 E-Mail: donrudy1211@gmail.com or rudy31599@att.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/02/2014  Last Login: 10/07/2023  Last Update: 10/18/2023  Job Date: 06/22/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: AVMATS, Korein Tillery, Rugid Guard, John Fabick Tractor Co., Deloitte & Touche; BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Dave French\u8232 ------\
Mr. Randolph L. Russo (CPA), Greeting to use: Randy\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, SoTel Systems, LLC\u8232 Work: 19 Worthington Access Drive, Maryland Heights, MO, 63043, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 787-1800 ext: 706 (314) 787-1456\u8232 Home: 658 Knollshire Way, Dardenne Prairie, MO, 63368, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 828-6764 Home Fax: (314) 828-6764 Cell Phone #: (636) 487-2694\u8232 E-Mail: rlrcpa@gmail.com or rrusso@sotelsystems.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/12/2009  Last Update: 07/17/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Telecommunications; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: SoTel Systems, Aon Innovative Solutions, RubinBrown CPAs, James T. Johnson CPA, Monday Security Corp., Edward Jones; BS Brigham Young University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Mattei\u8232 ------\
Mr. Steven R. Rygelski (CPA), Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, National Real Estate Management Corporation\u8232 Work: 1830 Craig Park Court, Suite 101, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 878-5545 (314) 878-8118\u8232 Home: 205 Beacon Point Lane, Wildwood, MO, 63040, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 391-5504 Cell Phone #: (314) 749-4020\u8232 E-Mail: steverygelski@hotmail.com or srygelski@nremgmt.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/18/2001  Last Update: 06/20/2011  Job Date: 06/27/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Real Estate; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 11/02/01 National Real Estate Management Corp., Resource One, Aurora Foods, Wave Technologies International, Falcon/Capital Cable, Lindbergh Properties, Mueller Prost Purk & Willbrand CPAs, Cooper & Lybrand; BSBA Rockhurst University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. John W. Salmon, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Bitrode\u8232 Work: 9787 Green Park Industrial Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63123, United States\u8232 Work #: (312) 479-0963 \u8232 Home: 1530 Lindgate Drive, Kirkwood, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 822-1925 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (312) 479-0963\u8232 E-Mail: john_w_salmon@hotmail.com or john.w.salmon@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/18/2010  Last Login: 09/01/2021  Last Update: 09/14/2021  Job Date: 09/14/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Transportation & Logistics; Family Businesses; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Bitrode, HDA, Schofield Media, Independent Direct Distributors, Sampler Publications, Key Publishers Co. (Canada), PricewaterhouseCoopers (Canada); BBA York University (Canada), Chartered Accountant\u8232 Sponsor: Don Dent\u8232 ------\
Mr. Kevin J. Schott, Greeting to use: Kevin\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Mycroft Inc.\u8232 Work: 12655 Olive Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 317-7640 \u8232 Home: 11048 Graeser Lane, Creve Coeur, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 989-0403 Cell Phone #: (314) 914-1345\u8232 E-Mail: kevinschott@hotmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/09/2001  Last Update: 04/14/2009\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Information Technology; Investor Relations; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 9/3/01 Mycroft Talisen, Zoltek Corp., Consultant, TLC Vision Corp., Haystack Toys, Bridge Information Systems, Ernst & Young; BSBA Washington University St. Louis, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes, Kathy Martin\u8232 ------\
Ms. Charity A. Snell, Greeting to use: Charity\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Medical Network Technologies, LLC\u8232 Work: 401 Keene, Columbia, MO, 65201, United States\u8232 Work #: (573) 876-1615 (573) 876-1665\u8232 Home: 604 East Head, Centralia, MO, 65240, United States\u8232 Home #: (573) 682-1459 Cell Phone #: (573) 682-7459\u8232 E-Mail: charitysnell@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/04/2011  Last Update: 08/31/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Medical Network Technologies, Missouri Concrete Cutting, Fairway Management, Storage-Trust; MBA Columbia College, BSBA Columbia College\u8232 Sponsor: Ted Halperin\u8232 ------\
Ms. Nancy A. Soden, Greeting to use: Nancy\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Design Supply Doors LLC\u8232 Work: 6800 East Truman Road, Kansas City, MO, 64126, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 483-5100 \u8232 Home: 2307 NW Ashurst Drive, Lees Summit, MO, 64081, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 560-5568 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: \u8232 E-Mail: nsoden23@gmail.com or nsoden@dsdoors.build Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/03/2019  Last Login: 08/15/2023  Last Update: 08/21/2023  Job Date: 08/21/2023\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Family Businesses; Women's; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Design Supply Doors, Rockwell Labs, A&M Finance/Instant Auto, Tri-D Innovations, Trip Mate, Barewood Furnishings, Sunset Distributing, Automated Bookkeeping Services, CSI Leasing; BS Management & Leadership Maryville University, BS Accounting Maryville University\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Blackton, Marc Shirley\u8232 ------\
Mr. James H. Spellmeyer (CPA), Greeting to use: Jim\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Christy Industrial Holdings\u8232 Work: 4641 McRee Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 773-7500 ext: 134 (866) 368-0537\u8232 Home: 1944 Lanchester Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 394-2688 Cell Phone #: (314) 308-6340\u8232 E-Mail: jimspellme@aol.com or JSpellmeyer@ChristyCo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/25/2004  Last Login: 09/07/2020  Last Update: 07/02/2018  Job Date: 06/03/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Not-for-Profit; Workouts; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 07/14/04 O'Brien Industrial Holdings/Christy Companies, Mom365/Our365, Growing Family, Relocation Realtors of St. Louis, Kellwood Co., Emerson Electric Co., National Training Centers, Price Waterhouse; MBA Northwestern University, BS St. Louis University, CPA, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Ms. Krista M. Steward, Greeting to use: Krista\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: krista-steward-7abaa518\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Exegy Incorporated\u8232 Work: 349 Marshall Avenue, Suite 100, St. Louis, MO, 63119, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 566-1810 \u8232 Home: 1330 Forest Splendor Trail, Wildwood, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 566-1810\u8232 E-Mail: ksteward123@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/03/2021  Last Login: 10/16/2023  Last Update: 10/01/2021\u8232 Chapters: Denver, CO; Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Information Technology\u8232 Notes: Exegy, RSW Group, Medicine Shoppe International/Cardinal Health, UHY; BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Terry Gray\u8232 ------\
Mr. Jeffrey D. Streif (CPA, CISA, CFE), Greeting to use: Jeff\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Koller Enterprises, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1400 South Old Highway 141, Fenton, MO, 63026, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 660-8106 (636) 660-8107\u8232 Home: 2772 Denacre Drive, St Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 413-5090 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 413-5090\u8232 E-Mail: jstreif@kollerenterprises.com or jeffstreif@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/18/2018  Last Login: 11/08/2023  Last Update: 04/21/2023\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Internal Audit; Manufacturing; Family Businesses; Food Industry\u8232 Notes: Koller Enterprises, UHY/UHY Advisors, Grace & Co., Coughlin Donovan Neihaus & Scherle, Gus V. Keller & Co. CPAs, Stan Myrda & Associates, James C. Thompson & Co.; MS Southern Illinois University, BS Southern Illinois University, CPA, CFE, CISA\u8232 Sponsor: Bill Slaughter\u8232 ------\
Ms. Delanie Trusty (CPA, CTP, CGMA), Greeting to use: Del\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Joyce Meyer Ministries, Inc.\u8232 Work: P.O. Box 655, Fenton, MO, 63026, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 349-0303 +ext: 3160 \u8232 Home: 11709 Ware Church Road, Hillsboro, MO, 63050, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 305-1664 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 614-7965\u8232 E-Mail: dtrusty@joycemeyer.org  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/27/2005  Last Login: 10/18/2022  Last Update: 12/19/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Not-for-Profit; Risk Management; Treasury; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: e 11/16/05 Joyce Meyer Ministries, Carman Ministries, Engman & Lovely CPA's; BSBA University Center at Tulsa, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Stephen A. Tucker (CPA), Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Federal International\u8232 Work: 7935 Clayton Road, Clayton, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 721-3377 \u8232 Home: 914 Crowne Pointe Estates Drive, Wildwood, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 359-9524E-Mail: 4tucks@sbcglobal.net or stevetucker@federalinternational.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/02/2003  Last Login: 05/20/2015  Last Update: 06/04/2015  Job Date: 06/04/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Workouts; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 1/23/02 Federal International, TLC Vision, Gatsby Spas, Granite Golf Corp., Brassie Golf Corp./ Hale Irwim Golf Design, Balsam Corp., Eclipse Capital Management, Ernst & Young; BA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Kathy AuBuchon, Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Mr. Timothy D. Valley (CPA), Greeting to use: Tim\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer (CFO), Stars Design Group, Inc.\u8232 Work: 1301 Gravois Road, St. Louis, MO, 63104, United States\u8232 Work #: +W-(314) 771-9152 ext: 11 \u8232 Home: 121 East Willow Bend, Glen Carbon, IL, 62034, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 288-6820 Cell Phone #: (314) 378-8140\u8232 E-Mail: T_Valley@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/09/2008  Last Login: 05/08/2018  Last Update: 05/17/2018  Job Date: 05/17/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; Manufacturing; Media; M&A/Corporate Development; Telecommunications; Treasury; Family Businesses; Investment Banking\u8232 Notes: e 2/22/08 Stars Design Group, Consultant, Millennium Digital Media Systems & MDM/US Net, Citicorp Mortgage, Browning Ferris Industries/Allied Waste, Coopers & Lybrand/PricewaterhouseCoopers; MBA Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, BS Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Sanders\u8232 ------\
Ms. Janet L. Voss (CPA), Greeting to use: Janet\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Grace Hill Health Centers\u8232 Work: 100 North Tucker, Suite 1100, St. Louis, MO, 63101, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 814-8571 (314) 814-8594\u8232 Home: 405 Roosevelt Woods Court, Fenton, MO, 63026, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 305-7551 Cell Phone #: (314) 960-0097\u8232 E-Mail: janetlvoss@gmail.com or janetv@gracehill.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/10/2002  Last Login: 11/09/2016  Last Update: 09/23/2014  Job Date: 10/08/2002\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: e 2/27/02 Grace Hill Health Centers, PricewaterhouseCoopers; BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes, Jill Brown\u8232 ------\
Mr. David F. Wassenaar, Greeting to use: Dave\uc0\u8232 Work: Part-time Chief Financial Officer & Information Reporting Analyst, Masterful Reporting\u8232 Work: 105 Rue Grand Drive, Lake Saint Louis, MO, 63367, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 608-9124 \u8232 Home: 105 Rue Grand Drive, Lake Saint Louis, MO, 63367, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 608-9124\u8232 E-Mail: dfwassenaar@hotmail.com or Dave@MasterfulReporting.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/09/2007  Last Login: 02/24/2019  Last Update: 12/24/2015  Job Date: 12/24/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Professional Services\u8232 Notes: e 11/25/07 Masterful Reporting, The CFO Connection, SynTacs, RK Group, DCI Marketing, Coopers & Lybrand; BBA University of Wisconsin, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Doug Jensen\u8232 ------\
Mr. Kerry Watson, Greeting to use: Kerry\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Founder, ROCK CFO\u8232 Work: Kansas City, MO, 64158, United States\u8232 Work #: (801) 471-6006 \u8232 Home: 8115 NE 74th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64158, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (801) 471-6006\u8232 E-Mail: KerryWatson@gmx.com or KerryCarmen@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/23/2014  Last Login: 03/11/2023  Last Update: 02/02/2023  Job Date: 10/19/2019\u8232 Chapters: Salt Lake City, UT; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Professional Services; Real Estate; Retailing; Transportation & Logistics; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Hospitality; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Automotive Industry; Energy & Natural Resources; Information Technology\u8232 Notes: ROCK CFO, Liberty Developers, Dell, Pizza Hut/Yum! Brands, BYU Broadcasting, Primary Children's Medical Center, Ortho Development; MBA Brigham Young University, BS Brigham Young University\u8232 Sponsor: Craig Carleton\u8232 ------\
Mr. Darryl E. Weinrich (CPA), Greeting to use: Darryl\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Fred Weber, Inc.\u8232 Work: 2320 Creve Coeur Mill Road, Maryland Heights, MO, 63043, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 470-1519 \u8232 Home: 37 Blackwolf Run Court, Wildwood, MO, 63040, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 458-3447 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 495-7885\u8232 E-Mail: dewmaw@charter.net or Darrylw_98@yahoo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/13/2007  Last Login: 04/06/2022  Last Update: 04/12/2022  Job Date: 04/06/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; International; Insurance; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management; Treasury; Credit / Working Capital Management; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 04/20/07 Fred Weber, Inc., Nidec Motor Corp., Event Photography Group, Express Scripts, Price Waterhouse, Rubin Brown Gornstein & Co.; MBA Saint Louis University, BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Barry Goldstein\u8232 ------\
Mr. Keith D. Wesselschmidt, Greeting to use: Keith\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Incarnate Word Academy\u8232 Work: 2788 Normandy Drive, Bel-Nor, MO, 63121, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 725-5850 \u8232 Home: 9263 Cornell Avenue, University City, MO, 63130, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (707) 681-1012\u8232 E-Mail: kwesselschmidt@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/20/2011  Last Login: 05/16/2023  Last Update: 12/13/2022  Job Date: 12/13/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: Incarnate Word Academy, The Wesselschmidt Group, O'Fallon Brewery, Delicato Family Vineyards, V2 Wine Group, Bacchus Capital Management/Anheuser-Busch InBev/Anheuser-Busch Companies; MBA University of Kansas at Lawrence, BS University of Missouri at Rolla\u8232 Sponsor: Doug Neeper, Susan Walls\u8232 ------\
Mr. Reid B. Willen, Greeting to use: Reid\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Magnitude 7 Metals\u8232 Work: 391 St Jude Industrial Park, Marston, MO, 63866, United States\u8232 Home: 1823 Silverthorne Trail, Cape Girardeau, MO, 63701, United States\u8232 Home #: (573) 768-0402 Cell Phone #: (573) 768-0402\u8232 E-Mail: rbwillen@gmail.com or rbwillen@buchheitonline.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/03/2011  Last Login: 09/12/2020  Last Update: 09/17/2020  Job Date: 09/17/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Magnitude 7 Metals, Buchheit Enterprises, Procter & Gamble; BS Ball State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Harold Jennings\u8232 ------\
Mr. Sean M. Wolff, Greeting to use: Sean\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Beckwood Press Company\u8232 Work: St. Louis, MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 210-2629 \u8232 Home: 1649 Shane Drive, Imperial, MO, 63052, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 210-2629 Cell Phone #: (314) 210-2629\u8232 E-Mail: seanwolff1@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/30/2012  Last Login: 01/16/2018  Last Update: 11/06/2018  Job Date: 11/06/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Automotive Industry; Credit / Working Capital Management; Family Businesses; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: Beckwood Press Co., ECCO Safety Group, Code 3, Emerson Electric Co., Advance Carpet Co.; BSBA University of Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: John Sterrenberg\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael C. Wylie, Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Aspire Software\u8232 Work: 390 S Woods Mill Road, Suite 200, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 634-0109 \u8232 Home: 18044 Shepherd Valley Road, Glencoe, MO, 63038, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 405-0463 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (636) 634-0109\u8232 E-Mail: mwylie865@gmail.com or knwylie@msn.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/04/2009  Last Login: 12/13/2012  Last Update: 08/14/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Media; M&A/Corporate Development; Telecommunications\u8232 Notes: e 12/18/08 Aspire Software, Contegix, Pulse Broadband, Broadstripe, Suddenlink Communications/Cequel III Communications, Millennium Digital Media, Arthur Andersen; MBA Washington University, BS University of Missouri-Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Sanders\u8232 ------\
\
\uc0\u8232 Mr. Greg Benken, Greeting to use: Greg\u8232 Work: Controller, BH Partners LLC\u8232 Work: 311 Marion, St. Louis, MO, 63104, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 452-4734 (314) 231-5109\u8232 Home: 14648 Adgers Wharf, St. Louis, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 532-5477 Cell Phone #: (314) 452-4734\u8232 E-Mail: gjbenken@gmail.com or gbenken@earthlink.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/06/2002  Last Login: 05/10/2015  Last Update: 05/15/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: e 09/24/02 BH Partners, The Gund Co., Arthur Wells Group, Benken Greenhouses, Thermadyne Holdings Corp., Ag-Renu, General Dynamics Corp., Ernst & Young; MBA Washington University, BSBA Washington University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Frank Rybak\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael R. Brand, Greeting to use: Michael\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Miss Elaine, Inc.\u8232 Work: 8430 Valcour Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63123, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 631-1900 ext: 344 (314) 631-7577\u8232 Home: 110 Embassy Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 477-8120\u8232 E-Mail: michaelbrand314@gmail.com or mbrand@misselaine.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/14/2003  Last Login: 01/02/2014  Last Update: 01/07/2014  Job Date: 03/07/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; Retailing; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 08/29/03 Miss Elaine, SLP Capital, Edison Brother Stores, Mark Twain Bancshares; BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Chris Schmidt\u8232 ------\
Ms. Crystal A. Brucato, Greeting to use: Crystal\uc0\u8232 Work: Manager - Controller, Client Accounting Services Healthcare, Wipfli LLP\u8232 Work: 7733 Forsyth Boulevard, Suite 1200, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 480-1255 \u8232 Home: 3930 Oaks Clubhouse Drive, Apt 305, Pompano Beach, FL, 33069, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 308-5511\u8232 E-Mail: crystalbrucato@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/03/2014  Last Login: 12/22/2022  Last Update: 01/05/2023  Job Date: 12/22/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Real Estate; Transportation & Logistics; Food Industry; Hospitality\u8232 Notes: Wipfli LLP, The Las Olas Co., Mueller Prost, Express Medical Transporters, Fry-Wagner, Cassidy Turley; MBA Lindenwood University, BS Troy State University\u8232 Sponsor: Eric Rowley\u8232 ------\
Mr. Joseph B. Burris (Jr., CPA, CGMA), Greeting to use: Joe\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Lou Fusz Automotive Network\u8232 Work: 925 North Lindbergh Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 983-4557 \u8232 Home: 410 Indian Hill Court, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 391-3386 Cell Phone #: (314) 249-7214\u8232 E-Mail: jburris10@yahoo.com or oe.burris@fusz.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/09/2007  Last Login: 07/16/2018  Last Update: 07/28/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 11/27/07 Lou Fusz Automotive Network, Car Credit City, Wilkes Printing & Direct Mail, Highland Supply Corp., JLB Management, PGW Holdings, Arthur Andersen & Co.; BS Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, CPA, CGMA\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark V. Bussen (CMA), Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, C.L. Smith Company\u8232 Work: 1311 South 39th Street, Saint Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 450-5649 \u8232 Home: 7 Sappington Circle, St. Louis, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 842-5033 Cell Phone #: (314) 651-0819\u8232 E-Mail: mvbuss@hotmail.com or mark.bussen@playpower.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/03/2012  Last Login: 01/14/2014  Last Update: 01/24/2014  Job Date: 01/24/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Food Industry; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 10/11/05 C.L. Smith Co., PlayPower, MasterCard International, SaraLee Bakery Group/Earthgrains Co., Exxon Chemical, Monsanto Co.; MBA Washington University, BBA Baylor University, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Hank Ehrenreich, Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Barry L. Byers, Greeting to use: Barry\uc0\u8232 Work: Plant Controller, GDX Automotive\u8232 Work: 101 Danny Scott Drive, New Haven, MO, 63068, United States\u8232 Work #: (573) 237-1363 (573) 237-1303\u8232 Home: 1940 Anniston Drive, Washington, MO, 63090, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 390-8809 Cell Phone #: (314) 609-4263\u8232 E-Mail: barry.byers@sbcglobal.net or barry.byers@gdxautomotive.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/17/2002  Last Update: 08/28/2005  Job Date: 08/24/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Transportation & Logistics; Automotive Industry\u8232 Notes: e 3/7/02 GDX Automotive, Johnson Controls, Shaughnessy-Kniep-Hawe Paper Co., Thurman's Community Motors; MBA Fontbonne University, BS Southeast Missouri State University, AA Jefferson College\u8232 Sponsor: Keith Kirchoff\u8232 ------\
Mr. David M. Copeland (CPA), Greeting to use: David\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Schrader Funeral Home, Inc\u8232 Work: 22 Marsally Drive, St, Louis, MO, 63131, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 227-5511 (636) 227-7108\u8232 Home: 22 Marsally Drive, St, Louis, MO, 63131, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 740-5709\u8232 E-Mail: davidc826@aol.com or dcopeland@schrader.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/04/2010  Last Login: 06/08/2023  Last Update: 09/24/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Professional Services; Transportation & Logistics; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Schrader Funeral Home, RubinBrown, Windsor/INTRAV/Clipper Cruise Line, Ernst & Young; BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Joe McHugh\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert M. DeLucia (CPA), Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Aviation Technical Services, Inc.\u8232 Work: 9200 112th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64151, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 868-8692 \u8232 Home: 5623 NW 60th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64151, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (816) 880-2-60106\u8232 E-Mail: robert.m.delucia@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/09/2001  Last Login: 05/18/2023  Last Update: 04/25/2016  Job Date: 04/25/2016\u8232 Chapters: Seattle, WA; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Information Technology; Manufacturing; Media; M&A/Corporate Development; Professional Services; Telecommunications; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: e 8/23/01 Aviation Technical Services, Taurus Aerospace Group, Digital Bridge, MOD Systems, Clearwire Communications, Adelphia Communications Corp., Public Interactive, Interpublic Group of Cos., KPMG, Arthur Andersen & Co., Laventhol & Horwath; BSBA Robert Morris College, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: John Cormier\u8232 ------\
Mr. Vincent J. Doder, Greeting to use: Vince\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Sportport International\u8232 Work: 12525 Sportport Road, Maryland Heights, MO, 63043, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 514-7417 \u8232 Home: 13455 Sunset Meadows Lane, Saint Louis, MO, 63128, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 729-1631 Cell Phone #: (314) 409-6008\u8232 E-Mail: vdoder1@gmail.com or vdoder@aol.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/03/2015  Last Login: 06/21/2023  Last Update: 12/31/2016  Job Date: 12/17/2016\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Not-for-Profit; Family Businesses; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Sportport International, PLZ Aeroscience, Camie-Campbell, May Department Stores Co., Ernst & Whinney; BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Tony Accurso, Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael J. Dunlap, Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Associate Vice Chancellor for Finance & Controller, Washington University in St. Louis\u8232 Work: #1 Brookings Drive, University City, MO, 63130, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 504-8164 \u8232 Home: 7901 Kingsbury Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 504-8164E-Mail: mjd2005@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/20/2017  Last Update: 05/15/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Not-for-Profit; Retailing\u8232 Notes: Washington University in St. Louis, Continental Baking Co./Ralston Purina/Nestle Purina, NationsMart Corp., Dave & Buster's/Edison Brothers Stores, Grant Thornton International, Deloitte & Touche; MBA Washington University in St. Louis, BS Illinois State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Robert Brinson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daniel T. Edwards, Greeting to use: Daniel\uc0\u8232 Work: University Controller, Evangel University\u8232 Work: 1111 North Glenstone, Riggs Hall 3rd Floor, Springfield, MO, 65802, United States\u8232 Work #: (417) 865-2815 \u8232 Home: 1500 South Ranch Drive, Springfield, MO, 65809, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (908) 377-9909\u8232 E-Mail: dtedwards7@gmail.com or edwardsd@evangel.edu Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/01/2009  Last Login: 01/15/2023  Last Update: 11/30/2019  Job Date: 11/30/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: e 2/12/09 Evangel University, AIG/American International Group, New York Life Insurance Co., Appliedinfo Partners, Merrill Lynch Pierce Fenner & Smith, Evangel, The Prudential Insurance Co. of America; BSBA Evangel University\u8232 Sponsor: Ed Pospesil\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ribhe R. Elsalaymeh (CPA (Inactive)), Greeting to use: Ribhe\uc0\u8232 Work: Global Controller, Watlow\u8232 Work: 17119 Lafayette Trails Drive, Wildwood, MO, 63038, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 941-5074 \u8232 Home: 17119 Lafayette Trails Drive, Wildwood, MO, 63038, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 405-2926 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 600-8187\u8232 E-Mail: re111357@yahoo.com or relsalaymeh@lairdtech.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/15/2009  Last Login: 10/07/2021  Last Update: 03/09/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 2/17/09 Watlow, Laird Technologies, Trimble Navigation, National Cash Register; MBA Ohio State University, BS Indiana University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Wade Hylton\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daniel R. Evans (Jr.), Greeting to use: Dan\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Merlin Stelzer Sales Company\u8232 Work: 4109 Papin Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Home: 2817 Royallvalley Way, O'Fallon, MO, 63368-6992, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 408-8466\u8232 E-Mail: drevansjr@yahoo.com or drevansjr@merlinstelzer.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/28/2009  Last Update: 11/30/2009\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Family Businesses; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Merlin Stelzer Sales Co., Resources Connection, The Frick Co./James E. Frick Co., Evans Consulting, Allstate Insurance Co., New York Life Insurance Co., Emerson Community Credit Union, St. Louis Federal Center Credit Unino; BSBA University of Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Ms. Kathleen M. Francescon (CPA), Greeting to use: Kathy\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, Controller, Great Circle\u8232 Work: 330 North Gore Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63119, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 309-4370 \u8232 Home: 8242 Prairie Lake Drive, Waterloo, IL, 62298, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 309-4370 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: \u8232 E-Mail: kmfrancescon@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/24/2016  Last Login: 02/08/2022  Last Update: 02/18/2022  Job Date: 12/01/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Construction Industry; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: Great Circle, Permobil, Monsanto Co./American Seeds, Consultant, Omnicare, Magellan Behavioral Care Corp., Delmar Gardens Enterprises, Ernst & Young; BS University of Missouri at St. Louis, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Curt Gress\u8232 ------\
Ms. Lori Fulford, Greeting to use: Lori\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Logan University\u8232 Work: 1851 Schoettler Road, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 230-1777 \u8232 Home: 13130 Westin Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 576-2952 Home Fax: (314) 646-0129 Cell Phone #: (314) 409-4729\u8232 E-Mail: lorifulford@yahoo.com or lorifulford@hotmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/25/2004  Last Update: 09/22/2014  Job Date: 09/22/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: e 1/9/04 Logan University, Chesterfield Day School, Gorman & Gorman Residential Mortgage Services, Kellwood Co., City Academy, SSM Healthcare, RehabCare Group, Jefferson Wells International, Saint Louis University, Citicorp Mortgage; MBA Saint Louis University, BS University of Missouri at Columbia, FINRA Series 7\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Edgar G. Gall (CPA, CIA), Greeting to use: Ed\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Ashley Energy\u8232 Work: 1 Ashley Street, Saint Louis, MO, 63102, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 621-3550 +ext: 2151 \u8232 Home: 1148 Vinetta Drive, St Louis, MO, 63131, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 965-4255 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 704-9378\u8232 E-Mail: egall45@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/24/2013  Last Login: 01/28/2022  Last Update: 02/05/2022  Job Date: 06/11/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Information Technology\u8232 Notes: Ashley Energy, Consultant, Armstrong Energy, Consultant, The Laffey Group, McCann-Erickson Event Marketing/Momentum, Cellular Hotline, Anders Minkler & Diehl CPAs; BS St Louis University, CIA, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Dave French\u8232 ------\
Mr. Bruno Giordano, Greeting to use: Bruno\uc0\u8232 Work: Financial Controller, Guerbet\u8232 Work: 1034 South Brentwood Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 376-4911 \u8232 Home: 154 South Maple Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63119, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 312-9411\u8232 E-Mail: bgiordanofr@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/23/2015  Last Login: 08/18/2017  Last Update: 12/16/2018  Job Date: 08/25/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Paris, France\u8232 SIGs: International; Hospitality\u8232 Notes: Guerbet, Carlson Wagonlit Travel (US Chile & Mexico), Accor (France), Carlson Wagonlit Travel (France), Acting For Life/Groupe Developpement (France); MS Paris Institute of Political Studies, BS University of Paul C\'e9zanne (France), Fluent in French & Spanish\u8232 Sponsor: Harold Jennings, Bob Goldsticker\u8232 ------\
Ms. Cheryl L. Gulledge, Greeting to use: Cheryl\uc0\u8232 Work: Consultant/Interim Controller, Esse Health\u8232 Work: 12655 Olive Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 851-1141 \u8232 Home: 420 Waterside Drive, Wildwood, MO, 63040, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 458-1196 Cell Phone #: (314) 807-7765\u8232 E-Mail: cheryl.gulledge@att.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/11/2013  Last Login: 10/10/2013  Last Update: 08/07/2013\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Healthcare; Manufacturing; Telecommunications\u8232 Notes: Accounting Principals/Esse Health, QinetiQ North America, Kellwood Co., Xspedius Communications, Ameren, Monsanto, Clark Refining & Marketing, General Dynamics, Arthur Andersen; BSBA Southern Illinois University at Carbondale\u8232 Sponsor: Amy Dodds\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ronald J. Hager, Greeting to use: Ron\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance / Controller, Emerson\u8232 Work: 8000 West Florissant Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63136, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 553-5825 \u8232 Home: 6511 Runfe Forest Drive, Barnhart, MO, 63012, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 606-7956 Cell Phone #: (314) 606-7956\u8232 E-Mail: ron_j_hager@yahoo.com or ron.hager@emerson.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/20/2002  Last Login: 04/05/2023  Last Update: 09/15/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 10/4/02 Emerson/Buehler/Leroy-Somer/Emerson Motor Co., BTR/Fasco Motor Co./Eldon (US & UK), Emerson Motor Co., Laclede Gas Co.; MBA Saint Louis University, BS Saint Louis University\u8232 Sponsor: Fran Klech\u8232 ------\
Mr. James M. Hayden, Greeting to use: Jim\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Datotel\u8232 Work: 710 North Tucker, Suite 400, St. Louis, MO, 63101, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 241-9101 \u8232 Home: 109 Derbyshire Lane, O'Fallon, MO, 63368, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 523-8225 Cell Phone #: (636) 544-9802\u8232 E-Mail: jhayden@datotel.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/15/2009  Last Update: 08/04/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Information Technology\u8232 Notes: e 01/28/09 Datotel, Laser Vision Centers, United Freight Express, Grace & Co., Southwestern Bell Messaging Services; BS St. Louis University\u8232 Sponsor: Dan Dahlke, Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
Mr. Joseph C. Hessel (CPA), Greeting to use: Joe\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Collins & Hermann, Inc.\u8232 Work: P.O. Box 38901-0901, St. Louis, MO, 63138, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 869-8000 (314) 869-8498\u8232 Home: 390 Waterford, Florissant, MO, 63033, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 839-2791 Cell Phone #: (314) 578-3777\u8232 E-Mail: jchessl@aol.com or jhessel@collinsandhermann.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/31/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Professional Services; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 7/13/05 Collins & Hermann, Gateway City International, Vatterott College, Spectrulite Consortium, Park 'N Fly Service Corp., Cass Bank & Trust Co., Lukens General Industries, McGraw-Edison Co.; MBA St. Louis University, BS Southeast Missouri State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Vince Volpe\u8232 ------\
Mr. John F. Hilmes, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Star Manufacturing International, Inc.\u8232 Work: 10 Sunnen Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63143, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 781-2777 ext: 410 \u8232 Home: 111 Heatherbrook, Kirkwood, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 965-1115E-Mail: Jfhill@yahoo.com or jhilmes@star-mfg.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/05/2004  Last Update: 01/25/2007\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: e 11/22/04 Current Star Manufacturing International, Star Manufacturing Co., Emerson Electric Co.; MBA Southern Illinois University, BS University of Missouri\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Steven Ingram, Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Experitec, Inc.\u8232 Work: 504 Trade Center Boulevard, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 795-3133 \u8232 Home: 218 Windy Acres Estates Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 391-2730 Cell Phone #: (636) 795-3133\u8232 E-Mail: steve.ingram3@gmail.com or steve.ingram@experitec.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/02/2012  Last Login: 09/15/2020  Last Update: 10/13/2015  Job Date: 08/08/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Manufacturing; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Experitec, ITW-BCG, Elekta/CMS Software/Computerized Medical Systems, Spectrum Healthcare Services, Mullenix Properties, Mercantile Bancorp.; MBA St. Louis University, BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Tim Mortenson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Christopher R. Isaak (CPA), Greeting to use: Chris\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/christopherisaak/\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller & Chief Accounting Officer, Centene Corporation\u8232 Work: 7700 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 681-3555 \u8232 Home: 14830 Annasarra Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 386-5907 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 681-3555\u8232 E-Mail: chris.isaak@sbcglobal.net  Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 02/14/2016  Last Login: 11/14/2023  Last Update: 04/19/2022  Job Date: 04/27/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Insurance; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Tax; Treasury; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Centene Corporation, TTM Technologies, Viasystems Group, Kellwood Co., KPMG, Arthur Andersen; BBA University of Notre Dame, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Sam Duggan, Tony Accurso\u8232 ------\
Mr. Sanford G. Kaiser, Greeting to use: Sandy\uc0\u8232 Work: North America Controller, Momentum Worldwide\u8232 Work: 7930 Clayton Road, St. Louis, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 540-1306 \u8232 Home: 87 Meadowbrook CC Estates Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63011, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 527-5265 Cell Phone #: (314) 540-1306\u8232 E-Mail: sgkaiser96@gmail.com or sskaiser87@charter.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/10/2004  Last Login: 03/29/2012  Last Update: 09/01/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Media\u8232 Notes: e 09/30/04 Momentum Worldwide, UGS Corp., Structural Dynamics Research Corp., Fisher Controls International, Arthur Andersen & Co.; MBA Washington University, BS Wharton University of Pennsylvania, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Kathy AuBuchon\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daniel L. Karpel (CPA), Greeting to use: Dan\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Kellwood Company\u8232 Work: 600 Kellwood Parkway, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 576-3144 \u8232 Home: 968 Kylemore Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 207-7966 Cell Phone #: (636) 675-3334\u8232 E-Mail: dankarpel@yahoo.com or dan.karpel@kellwood.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/02/2003  Last Update: 09/17/2006  Job Date: 01/30/2006\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Investor Relations; M&A/Corporate Development; Treasury\u8232 Notes: e 02/20/03 Kellwood Company, Spartech Corp., NuVox Communications, Ernst & Young; BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Doug Faust\u8232 ------\
Mr. Steven M. Kidd (CPA, CMA), Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Talisen Technologies\u8232 Work: 12655 Olive Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 317-7533 \u8232 Home: 508 Brookneal Drive, St. Charles, MO, 63304, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 926-9301E-Mail: kidds1@att.net or skidd@talisentech.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/05/2002  Last Login: 08/21/2012  Last Update: 08/21/2012  Job Date: 03/07/2003\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Not-for-Profit; Professional Services\u8232 Notes: e 4/24/02 Talisen Technologies, Missouri College, Bradford & Galt, Lone Star Industries, A.E. Stanley Manufacturing Co., Richardson Karloski & Pinkley; BS Millikin University, CPA, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Christopher K. Knibb (CPA), Greeting to use: Chris\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Controller, Patriot Coal Corporation\u8232 Work: 12312 Olive Boulevard, Suite 400, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 275-3682 \u8232 Home: 8 Blackwolf Run Court, Wildwood, MO, 63040, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 273-1212 Cell Phone #: (636) 236-4823\u8232 E-Mail: cknibb@yahoo.com or cknibb@patriotcoal.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/11/2005  Last Update: 11/22/2008  Job Date: 11/23/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 8/30/05 Patriot Coal Corp., APC/American Power Conversion, SAVVIS, Artesyn Technologies, Seisint, ANC Rental Corp./Alamo/National Car Rental/AutoNation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, Deloitte & Touche, Internal Revenue Service; BA University of South Florida, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Nancy Bridgman Lysinger\u8232 ------\
Mr. John D. Laaker, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller ICL Americas, ICL Americas LLC\u8232 Work: 622 Emerson Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 605-4943 (314) 983-7532\u8232 Home: 8880 Woodpark Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63127, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 729-1466 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 605-4943\u8232 E-Mail: jdlaaker@gmail.com or john.laaker@icl-group.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/15/2008  Last Login: 07/28/2021  Last Update: 08/02/2021  Job Date: 04/29/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Retailing\u8232 Notes: e 6/4/08 ICL Americas/ICL Performance Products, KPMG, Fleischmann's Yeast/Associated British Foods, Charles Industries, Fasco Industries, Titan Wheel International; MBA Quincy University, BS Quincy University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Bill Wilson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Samir C. Lahiri (CPA), Greeting to use: Samir\uc0\u8232 Work: Director, Finance - Controller & Financial Reporting, Silgan Plastics\u8232 Work: Chesterfield, MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 397-9921 \u8232 Home: 14848 Long Branch Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 397-9921 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 397-9921\u8232 E-Mail: sclcpamba@gmail.com or lahiris@wustl.edu Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/29/2009  Last Login: 03/04/2022  Last Update: 02/24/2021  Job Date: 02/24/0021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Internal Audit; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 03/17/09 Silgan Plastics, Pretium Packaging, Consultant, Sensient Colors, Momentum, Sara Lee Bakery Group, Fasco Industries, Dana Corp., General Dynamics, KPMG; MBA Washington University, BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeffrey Grossman\u8232 ------\
Mr. Joseph J. Maliekel, Greeting to use: Joe\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Spartech Corporation\u8232 Work: 120 South Central Avenue, St Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 616-4634 \u8232 Home: 735 Langton Drive, Clayton, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 863-3214 Home Fax: (312) 725-2567 Cell Phone #: (314) 265-9833\u8232 E-Mail: jmaliekel@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/21/2008  Last Login: 01/06/2015  Last Update: 07/12/2011  Job Date: 07/04/2011\u8232 Chapters: Chicago (Suburban), IL; Dallas, TX; Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; International; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 12/9/08 Spartech Corp., Columbus McKinnon Corp., BDO Seidman, Monsanto Co., Deloitte & Touche; MBA Washington University, BBA Loyola University of Chicago, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Sam Brilliant\u8232 ------\
Mr. Matthew McCroary, Greeting to use: Matt\uc0\u8232 Work: Business Unit Controller, Sensient Technologies\u8232 Work: 2515 North Jefferson Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63106, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 775-7664 \u8232 Home: 323 Charleston Oaks Court, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 527-2249 Cell Phone #: (314) 775-7664\u8232 E-Mail: matt.mccroary@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/29/2012  Last Login: 09/14/2023  Last Update: 08/27/2018  Job Date: 08/27/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Sensient Technologies, International Paper, Star Manufacturing International, Cooper Bussmann/Eaton Corporation International Paper/Temple Inland Corp., Rock Tenn Corp./Smurfit Stone Container Corp., Gaylord Container, Jefferson Smurfit Corp., Union Camp Corp., FL Aerospace; MBA Rutgers University, BS United States Naval Academy\u8232 Sponsor: Charlie Anton, Trevor Buness\u8232 ------\
Mr. Bill Mead, Greeting to use: Bill\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President/Corporate Controller, CST Industries, Inc.\u8232 Work: 903 East 104th Street, Suite 900, Kansas City, MO, 64131, United States\u8232 Work #: (913) 778-3409 \u8232 Home: 9314 West 146th Street, Overland Park, KS, 66221, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 787-3409 Cell Phone #: (913) 787-3409\u8232 E-Mail: billydmead@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/12/2017  Last Login: 01/01/2019  Last Update: 03/07/2017\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: CST Industries, Kalmar Industries, Orbseal/Denovus (US & Australia); MBA University of Kansas, BA Ottawa University, CMA, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Makar\u8232 ------\
Mr. Brian Mellott, Greeting to use: Brian\uc0\u8232 Work: Complex Controller, International Paper\u8232 Work: 4343 Clary Boulevard, Kansas City, MO, 64130, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 922-3627 (816) 922-3678\u8232 Home: 21512 West 51st Street, Shawnee, KS, 66226, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 441-1976 Cell Phone #: (816) 225-8230\u8232 E-Mail: BrianMellott@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/21/2013  Last Update: 07/16/2013\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: International Paper/Xpedx, Allied Signal Aerospace, Unimark; BS Emporia State University, AA Johnson County Community College\u8232 Sponsor: Trevor Buness\u8232 ------\
Mr. David E. Miller, Greeting to use: Dave\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Jost Chemical Company\u8232 Work: 8150 Lackland Road, St. Louis, MO, 63114, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 428-4300 ext: 104 (314) 428-4366\u8232 Home: 1597 Carman Valley Drive, Manchester, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 227-7829 Cell Phone #: (314) 413-7874\u8232 E-Mail: demiller10@earthlink.net or david.miller@jostchemical.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/19/2004  Last Update: 10/06/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; International; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 12/08/04 Jost Chemical Co., The Solae Co., DuPont Protein Technologies (DPT), Protein Technologies International (PTI); MBA Southern Illinois University, BS Iowa State University\u8232 Sponsor: Brad Hughes\u8232 ------\
Ms. Linda A. Moder, Greeting to use: Linda\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Pepex Biomedical, Inc.\u8232 Work: 4041 Forest Park Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63108, United States\u8232 Home: 5341A Sutherland Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63109, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 351-6015 Cell Phone #: (314) 481-4443\u8232 E-Mail: lmoder@accessus.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 06/07/2009  Last Login: 02/17/2014  Last Update: 02/19/2014  Job Date: 05/18/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Pepex Biomedical, Metropolitan Life Insurance Co., Alcon Laboratories, Infinitech; MBA St. Louis University, BA St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeffrey Grossman\u8232 ------\
Mr. John S. Norman, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer, Belden Inc.\u8232 Work: 7733 Forsyth Boulevard, Suite 800, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home: 9531 West Hialeah Place, Littleton, CO, 80123, United States\u8232 Home #: (303) 972-0745 Cell Phone #: (720) 635-4587\u8232 E-Mail: jstenorman@aol.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/29/2004  Last Update: 03/06/2015\u8232 Chapters: Denver, CO; Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Real Estate\u8232 Notes: e 2/16/04 Belden, Graphic Packaging International Corp., PricewaterhouseCoopers, Price Waterhouse; BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Gard Edgarton\u8232 ------\
Mr. Arnold G. Pereira, Greeting to use: Grig\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Carboline Company\u8232 Work: 350 Hanley Industrial Court, Brentwood, MO, 63144, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 644-1000 ext: 2124 \u8232 Home: 3039 Caprock Court, St. Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 846-5256 Cell Phone #: (314) 440-3099\u8232 E-Mail: grig_p@yahoo.com or gpereira@carboline.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/01/2004  Last Login: 06/30/2012\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 7/20/04 Carboline Co., City of Bridgeton, Schenectady Savings & Loan; BBA Siena College, AS Hudson Valley Community College\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Buettner\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert E. Pyatt (CPA), Greeting to use: Rob\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, LifeLine Foods, LLC\u8232 Work: 2811 South 11th Street, St. Joseph, MO, 64503, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 901-3125 (816) 364-5398\u8232 Home: 1901 Brownell Road SE, Faucett, MO, 64448, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 238-7407 Cell Phone #: (816) 262-4166\u8232 E-Mail: robjen1901@gmail.com or rpyatt@lifeline-foods.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/16/2014  Last Login: 04/09/2015  Last Update: 01/22/2015\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Real Estate; Family Businesses; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: LifeLine Foods, MGP Ingredients, Kansas City Southern Industries/Kansas City Southern Railway, Braunsdorf Carlson & Clinkinbeard CPAs/CBIZ, Mayer Hoffman McCann CPAs; MS University of Kansas at Lawrence, BSBA University of Kansas at Lawrence, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Lou Van Horn\u8232 ------\
Ms. Bridget O. Reeves (CPA), Greeting to use: Bridget\uc0\u8232 Work: Divisional Controller - North America, Potter Electric Signal\u8232 Work: 5757 Phantom Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63042, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 595-6912 \u8232 Home: 191 Calais Court, Swansea, IL, 62226, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 236-0609 Cell Phone #: (618) 980-1802\u8232 E-Mail: bworeeves@gmail.com or bridgetr@pottersignal.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/14/2013  Last Login: 03/31/2020  Last Update: 04/10/2020  Job Date: 04/10/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Professional Services; Retailing; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Private Equity; Women's\u8232 Notes: Potter Electric Signal, Nooter Construction, Waste Remedies, Elementis Pigments, Security Leasing Partners, Edison Brothers Stores, Arthur Andersen & Co.; BS Illinois State University, AS Belleville Area College, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Bill Slaughter\u8232 ------\
Mr. Paul A. Rode (CPA), Greeting to use: Paul\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Corporate Controller, Ralcorp Holdings, Inc.\u8232 Work: 800 Market Street, St. Louis, MO, 63101, United States\u8232 Home: 33 Ridgetop Drive, Richmond Heights, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 989-9901 Cell Phone #: (502) 609-7653\u8232 E-Mail: prode2007@kellogg.northwestern.edu  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/17/2009  Last Login: 07/16/2013  Last Update: 12/26/2012  Job Date: 02/27/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Louisville, KY\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; High Technology; Internal Audit; Manufacturing; Telecommunications\u8232 Notes: Ralcorp Holdings, Brown-Forman Corp., Harris Corp., PricewaterhouseCoopers/Coopers & Lybrand; MBA Kellogg Northwestern University, BS University of Kentucky, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Kevin Olsen\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert J. Schumert, Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Wiese USA\u8232 Work: 1435 Woodson Road, St. Louis, MO, 63132-1310, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 810-0111 (314) 997-4112\u8232 Home: 779 Berquist Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63011, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 227-0245 Cell Phone #: (314) 779-4366\u8232 E-Mail: rschumert@hotmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/02/2001  Last Update: 02/14/2013  Job Date: 10/17/2002\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Transportation & Logistics\u8232 Notes: e 11/18/01 Wiese Planning & Engineering, Warner Jenkinson Division/Sensient Technologies Corp., PricewaterhouseCoopers, BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Andy Wuellner\u8232 ------\
Ms. Michelle A. Siebert (CMA), Greeting to use: Michelle\uc0\u8232 Work: Corporate Controller, Frick's Quality Meats\u8232 Work: 360 M.E. Frick Drive, Washington, MO, 63090, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 239-2200 ext: 116 \u8232 Home: 212 Wenona Drive, Washington, MO, 63090, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (636) 221-7593\u8232 E-Mail: michellesiebert@icloud.com or jalm1234@charter.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/16/2014  Last Login: 03/23/2014  Last Update: 02/07/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Not-for-Profit; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: Frick's Quality Meats, The Chest, Magnet; BS Maryville University, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Blume\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daniel G. Thieman, Greeting to use: Dan\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Pretium Packaging\u8232 Work: 15450 South Outer Forty Drive, Suite 120, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home: 3016 Olde Post Road, St. Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 846-6937 Cell Phone #: (314) 397-0211\u8232 E-Mail: danielthieman@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/03/2002  Last Login: 12/18/2015  Last Update: 02/01/2012  Job Date: 01/20/2012\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; Automotive Industry; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: e 10/16/02 Pretium Packaging, General Cable, Pretium Packaging, Arnold Defense & Electronics, Stout Industries, GMP Metal Products, Barry Wehmiller, Shure Manufacturing Corp., McDonnell Douglas Corp., Metropolitan Financial Services, Mutual of Omaha; MBA Southern Illinois University, BSBA Southern Illinois University\u8232 Sponsor: Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
Mr. Robert J. Timmer, Greeting to use: Bob\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, Zimmerman-McDonald Machinery, Inc.\u8232 Work: 2272 Weldon Parkway, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 291-9360 (314) 291-2981\u8232 Home: 66 Rhineland Place, Millstadt, IL, 62260, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 476-7326 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: \u8232 E-Mail: timmer2@htc.net or bob@zimmermanmcdonald.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/06/2008  Last Login: 03/05/2021  Last Update: 03/17/2023  Job Date: 05/19/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 3/16/08 Zimmerman-McDonald Machinery, St. Louis Screw & Bolt, PSM Fastener Corp., Universal Packaging Corp., Westgate Machinery; BS Southern Illinois University\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Blume\u8232 ------\
Ms. Marcia C. Washburn (CPA), Greeting to use: Marcie\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Manager/Controller, SunEdison, Inc.\u8232 Work: 13736 Riverport Drive, Riverport, MO, 63043, United States\u8232 Work #: (301) 792-9372 \u8232 Home: 4355 Forest Park Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63108, United States\u8232 Home #: (301) 792-9372 Cell Phone #: (301) 792-9372\u8232 E-Mail: marciewashburn@gmail.com or mwashburn@sunedison.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/02/2016  Last Login: 09/28/2016  Last Update: 09/28/2016\u8232 Chapters: Baltimore, MD; Washington, DC; Philadelphia-Suburban, PA; Philadelphia-Center City, PA\u8232 SIGs: Asset Management; Energy & Natural Resources; Information Technology; Not-for-Profit; Real Estate\u8232 Notes: SunEdison, Community Preservation & Development Corp., Grosvenor Atlantic, Trammell Crow Residential, Trak Auto/Dart Group; BS Pennsylvania State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Ed Gall\u8232 ------\
Mr. Thomas A. Welker, Greeting to use: Tom\uc0\u8232 Work: Controller, BASF - The Chemical Company\u8232 Work: 3568 Tree Court Industrial Boulevard, Kirkwood, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 861-4233 \u8232 Home: 507 Audubon Place Court, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 256-1368 Cell Phone #: (314) 239-6079\u8232 E-Mail: tom.welker@basf.com or bulldoge4@sbcglobal.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/27/2011  Last Update: 03/27/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: BASF/Whitmire Micro-Gen Research Labs, Emerson Electric Corp.; MBA Fontbonne University, BS University Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: Tony Accurso, Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
Ms. Mary M. William (CPA, CFE), Greeting to use: Mervis\uc0\u8232 Work: Regional Financial Controller & Senior Vice President, Cepia LLC\u8232 Work: 121 Hunter Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63124, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 398-1932 \u8232 Home: 2728 Lakeport Drive, Maryland Heights, MO, 63043, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 398-1932\u8232 E-Mail: mervis_w@hotmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/09/2017  Last Login: 10/24/2021  Last Update: 09/01/2021  Job Date: 09/01/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Professional Services\u8232 Notes: Cepia, FleishmanHillard/Omnicom (Singapore, US & Hong Kong), Gavin Anderson & Co. (Singapore); BBAC Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology, CPA (Australia)\u8232 Sponsor: Steven Rich\u8232 ------\
\
\uc0\u8232 Ms. Lea A. Bechard, Greeting to use: Lea\u8232 Work: Senior Director of Finance, Nidec Motor Corporation\u8232 Work: 8050 West Florissant Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63136, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 6216 Northwood Avenue, #2, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 6166422 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: \u8232 E-Mail: lea.bechard03@gmail.com or leabechard@yahoo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/29/2020  Last Login: 10/16/2023  Last Update: 08/01/2023  Job Date: 08/02/2023\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; International; Manufacturing; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Nidec Motor Corp., Hussmann/Panasonic Co., Anheuser-Busch InBev, SunEdison, ICL Performance Products, AkzoNobel, Rexam, Harman International, Wolff Shoe Co.; MBA Washington University In St. Louis, BS Maryville University\u8232 Sponsor: Rodney Eaton\u8232 ------\
Mr. Chad E. Brady, Greeting to use: Chad\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, IT & Operations/Divisional Chief Financial Officer, Caleres\u8232 Work: St. Louis, MO, United States\u8232 Work #:  \u8232 Home: 555 Old Logging Road, Eureka, MO, 63025, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 587-3661 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (479) 366-3609\u8232 E-Mail: chad_brady@ymail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/01/2017  Last Login: 02/09/2022  Last Update: 02/17/2022  Job Date: 02/17/2022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Los Angeles (Hollywood/Santa Monica), CA; Los Angeles (Orange County), CA; Los Angeles (South Bay), CA; San Diego, CA\u8232 SIGs: M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Private Equity; Food Industry; Hospitality\u8232 Notes: Caleres/Brown Shoe, Ulta, Express Scripts, Save-A-Lot, Citigroup, Walmart, Fila, Francis Howell School District, Bunge, Nine West Group; MBA St. Louis University, BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Steve Rasche\u8232 ------\
Mr. Neil J. Cassmeyer (Jr.), Greeting to use: Neil\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Finance and Operations Officer, Willows Way, Inc.\u8232 Work: 800 Friedens Road, Suite 100, Saint Charles, MO, 63303, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 757-0506 (636) 757-0507\u8232 Home: 1297 Harvest Ridge Drive, St. Charles, MO, 63303, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 753-8101 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 753-8101\u8232 E-Mail: neilcassmeyer@yahoo.com or neilc@willowsway.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/24/2008  Last Login: 10/02/2023  Last Update: 05/08/2023  Job Date: 03/21/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Internal Audit; Not-for-Profit; Mortgage Industry; Leasing Industry; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 8/7/08 Willows Way, Consultant, Commerce Bank, CBI Leasing, Deutsche Bank, Citicorp Mortgage, Boatmen's Bancshares; MBA University of Missouri, BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Steve Culp\u8232 ------\
Mr. Sean D. Castle, Greeting to use: Sean\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Director, Finance and Planning, University of Missouri, Kansas City\u8232 Work: 5115 Oak Street, Kansas City, MO, 64112, United States\u8232 Work #: (310) 387-1066 \u8232 Home: 2908 SW 14th Street, Lee's Summit, MO, 64081, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (310) 387-1066\u8232 E-Mail: seandcastle@gmail.com or sdcazconsulting@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/25/2018  Last Login: 02/11/2020  Last Update: 03/08/2020  Job Date: 03/08/2020\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; M&A/Corporate Development; Real Estate; Mortgage Industry\u8232 Notes: University of Missouri, Consultant, Xceligent, The DLC Group/DLC Consulting, Arizona Cardinals Football Club, Bank of America, Digital Insight, Superior Industries, Windes & McClaurghry, Maginnis Knetchel & McIntyre O'Rourke & Clark; BA University of California at Santa Barbara, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Gary Gates\u8232 ------\
Mr. Edward P. Davies, Greeting to use: Ed\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President - Finance, Nortek Global HVAC/Nordyne\u8232 Work: 8000 Phoenix Parkway, O'Fallon, MO, 63368, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 561-7429 \u8232 Home: 13124 Old Farm Drive, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 604-6949 Cell Phone #: (314) 604-6949\u8232 E-Mail: daviese@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/11/2015  Last Update: 10/06/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; International; Manufacturing; Risk Management; Credit / Working Capital Management\u8232 Notes: Nortek Global HVAC/Nordyne, Hussmann Corp., St. John & Mersmann CPAs; BS University of Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: Lou Van Horn\u8232 ------\
Mr. Lawrence W. Dorr, Greeting to use: Bill\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: Lawrence William Dorr\u8232 Work: Instructor of Accounting & Finance, Maryville University\u8232 Work: 650 Maryville University Drive, Saint Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 239-3173 \u8232 Home: 701 South Skinker Boulevard, #505, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 727-4418 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 239-3173\u8232 E-Mail: ldorr@maryville.edu or lwdorr@sbcglobal.net Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/11/2003  Last Login: 06/08/2022  Last Update: 06/17/2022  Job Date: 06/15/0022\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Insurance; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Healthcare\u8232 Notes: e 05/01/03 Maryville University, Stratus Financial Group, MetLife Premier Client Group, Precision Wealth Strategies, Hickey College, Logistic Specialties, Shipley Associates, Washington University School of Medicine, Saint Louis Behavioral Medicine Institute, General Dynamics Services, Brown Group, The Seven-Up Co., Commerce Bank; MBA Washington University, BS Saint Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Cornfeld, Kathy AuBuchon\u8232 ------\
Mr. Samuel W. Duggan (II, CPA), Greeting to use: Sam\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Finance & Chief Financial Officer, Stupp Bros., Inc.\u8232 Work: 3800 Weber Road, St. Louis, MO, 63125, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 544-7555 (314) 638-2660\u8232 Home: 1339 Countryside Manor Place, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 530-6983 Cell Phone #: (314) 229-0323\u8232 E-Mail: swduggan@stupp.com or swdugganii@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/01/2004  Last Login: 11/14/2019  Last Update: 09/05/2017  Job Date: 03/15/2013\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Treasury; Family Businesses\u8232 Notes: e 1/19/04 Stupp Bros., Stereotaxis, RehabCare Group, Kellwood Co., MEMC Electronic Materials, KPMG; MBA University of Notre Dame, BSBA Saint Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jim Cornfeld, Jim Schafers\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ashwin Dundoo, Greeting to use: Ashwin\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Reliant Care Management Company, LLC\u8232 Work: 1869 Craig Park Court, St. Louis, MO, 63146, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 543-3803 \u8232 Home: 403 Rolling View Road, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Home #:  Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 397-0888\u8232 E-Mail: adundoo@aol.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 11/30/2003  Last Login: 09/13/2022  Last Update: 10/03/2022  Job Date: 03/05/2009\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Professional Services; Manufacturing; Real Estate\u8232 Notes: e 11/17/03 Reliant Care Management Co., Wilson Trophy Co., Omni Health Care, Lockwood Realty, Balaji Development, Arthur Andersen & Co./Andersen Consulting; MBA University of Missouri, BS Engineering Washington University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Matt Hermann\u8232 ------\
Mr. Michael J. Dunlap, Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Associate Vice Chancellor for Finance & Controller, Washington University in St. Louis\u8232 Work: #1 Brookings Drive, University City, MO, 63130, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 504-8164 \u8232 Home: 7901 Kingsbury Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 504-8164E-Mail: mjd2005@sbcglobal.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/20/2017  Last Update: 05/15/2019\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Not-for-Profit; Retailing\u8232 Notes: Washington University in St. Louis, Continental Baking Co./Ralston Purina/Nestle Purina, NationsMart Corp., Dave & Buster's/Edison Brothers Stores, Grant Thornton International, Deloitte & Touche; MBA Washington University in St. Louis, BS Illinois State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Robert Brinson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Danford W. Dunwiddie (CPA), Greeting to use: Dan\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance\u8232 Work: MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 352-9868 \u8232 Home: 343 Cherry Hills Meadows, Wildwood, MO, 63040, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (636) 352-9868\u8232 E-Mail: dwdunwiddie5@gmail.com  Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 02/09/2020  Last Update: 02/05/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Credit / Working Capital Management\u8232 Notes: Consultant, TricorBraun, Packaging West, Kwal-Howells Paint Co., Boston Chicken/Boston Market & Einstein Bagels, Echostar/The Dish Network, Gart Brothers Sporting Goods Co., Arthur Andersen & Co.; BA University of Iowa at Iowa City, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Rolfes\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark T. Fleming, Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance/Chief Financial Officer, Nidec Motor Corporation - Appliance Motors & Controls\u8232 Work: 8050 West Florissant, Saint Louis, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 595-8746 \u8232 Home: 9115 Pennant Lane, Saint Louis, MO, 63126, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 729-1952 Cell Phone #: (314) 452-3270\u8232 E-Mail: markfleming@rocketmail.com or m.fleming@nidec-motor.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/11/2014  Last Login: 11/05/2014  Last Update: 05/07/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: Nidec Motor Corp./Emerson Motor Co./Emerson Electric; MBA Webster University, BS Missouri State University\u8232 Sponsor: Beth Miller\u8232 ------\
Mr. Rex Fountain, Greeting to use: Rex\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Citi\u8232 Work: 6450 Las Colinas Boulevard, Irving, MO, 63367, United States\u8232 Work #: (972) 653-3027 \u8232 Home: 13 Regatta Bay Court, Lake Saint Louis, MO, 63367, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 887-1735 Cell Phone #: (636) 887-1725\u8232 E-Mail: rexf44@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/02/2010  Last Login: 10/11/2017  Last Update: 01/13/2016\u8232 Chapters: Dallas, TX; Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Banking; Mortgage Industry; Credit / Working Capital Management\u8232 Notes: Citi, Barclays (US & UK), Citigroup/Citibank; BA Augustana College\u8232 Sponsor: Brant Quinn, Jim Yemm\u8232 ------\
Ms. Kathleen M. Francescon (CPA), Greeting to use: Kathy\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, Controller, Great Circle\u8232 Work: 330 North Gore Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63119, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 309-4370 \u8232 Home: 8242 Prairie Lake Drive, Waterloo, IL, 62298, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 309-4370 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: \u8232 E-Mail: kmfrancescon@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/24/2016  Last Login: 02/08/2022  Last Update: 02/18/2022  Job Date: 12/01/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Construction Industry; Not-for-Profit\u8232 Notes: Great Circle, Permobil, Monsanto Co./American Seeds, Consultant, Omnicare, Magellan Behavioral Care Corp., Delmar Gardens Enterprises, Ernst & Young; BS University of Missouri at St. Louis, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Curt Gress\u8232 ------\
Mr. David F. French (CPA), Greeting to use: Dave\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Armstrong Teasdale, LLP\u8232 Work: 7700 Forsyth Boulevard, Suite 1800, St. Louis, MO, 63105-1847, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 259-4706 (314) 612-2393\u8232 Home: 2992 Barrett Station Road, St. Louis, MO, 63122, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 803-1512\u8232 E-Mail: d.french0928@sbcglobal.net or dfrench@armstrongteasdale.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/15/2006  Last Login: 11/09/2020  Last Update: 05/19/2018  Job Date: 01/10/2007\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Professional Services\u8232 Notes: e 10/04/06 Armstrong Teasdale, The May Department Stores/Famous-Barr, Diversified Industries, Balsam Corp. & Subsidiaries, Deloitte Haskins & Sells; MA University of Missouri, BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Chris Menz, Jerry Smith\u8232 ------\
Mr. Daryl A. Gehbauer, Greeting to use: Daryl\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance & Administration, Jefferson College\u8232 Work: 1000 Viking Drive, Hillsboro, MO, 63050, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 974-3765 \u8232 Home: 18 Glenbrook, Bentonville, AR, 72712, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (314) 974-3765\u8232 E-Mail: darylgehbauer@gmail.com or dagteg@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/06/2012  Last Login: 10/22/2013  Last Update: 03/23/2014  Job Date: 10/30/2013\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Real Estate; Retailing; Construction Industry\u8232 Notes: Jefferson College, Wal-Mart Stores, May Department Stores Co.; MBA DePaul University, BSBA Washington University\u8232 Sponsor: Bob Goldsticker\u8232 ------\
Ms. Christina M. Green (CMA), Greeting to use: Christina\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/christina-green-wagner-a5046a16/\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance and Human Resources, BioSTL\u8232 Work: 4340 Duncan Avenue, Suite 100, St. Louis, MO, 63110, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 880-8875 \u8232 Home: 1802 Rutger Street, St. Louis, MO, 63104, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 546-2877 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 546-2877\u8232 E-Mail: christinamgreen65@gmail.com or cgreen@biostl.org Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/15/2010  Last Login: 10/25/2023  Last Update: 02/20/2023  Job Date: 02/09/2023\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; International; M&A/Corporate Development; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Eastern Europe; Food Industry; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: BioSTL, Airport Terminal Services, Cortex Innovation Community, Monsanto, Randstad/Mirus Staffing, Monsanto/MEMC/Monsanto Electronic Materials Co. (US & Singapore); MBA Washington University, BS Southern Illinois University at Edwardsville, Associates South Western Illinois College, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Rhonda Ries\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ronald J. Hager, Greeting to use: Ron\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance / Controller, Emerson\u8232 Work: 8000 West Florissant Avenue, St. Louis, MO, 63136, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 553-5825 \u8232 Home: 6511 Runfe Forest Drive, Barnhart, MO, 63012, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 606-7956 Cell Phone #: (314) 606-7956\u8232 E-Mail: ron_j_hager@yahoo.com or ron.hager@emerson.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/20/2002  Last Login: 04/05/2023  Last Update: 09/15/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 10/4/02 Emerson/Buehler/Leroy-Somer/Emerson Motor Co., BTR/Fasco Motor Co./Eldon (US & UK), Emerson Motor Co., Laclede Gas Co.; MBA Saint Louis University, BS Saint Louis University\u8232 Sponsor: Fran Klech\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark E. Hood, Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President Finance, Panera Bread Company\u8232 Work: 6710 Clayton Road, Richmond Heights, MO, 63117, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 633-7255 \u8232 Home: 67 Wellesley Drive, New Canaan, CT, 06840, United States\u8232 Home #: (203) 972-9079 Home Fax: (203) 972-8064 Cell Phone #: (203) 722-6312\u8232 E-Mail: les.pisoni@sbcglobal.net or mark.hood@panerabread.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/07/2002  Last Update: 04/05/2004  Job Date: 08/27/2002\u8232 Chapters: Westport, CT\u8232 SIGs: Retailing\u8232 Notes: e 3/27/02 Panera Bread Co., U.S. Loyalty Corp., Saks Holdings, Foley's, The May Department Stores Co., Arthur Andersen & Co.; BS Iowa State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Mike Kubic\u8232 ------\
Mr. David W. Hoover (CPA), Greeting to use: David\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President - Finance, Save-A-Lot Food Stores\u8232 Work: 100 Corporate Office Drive, Earth City, MO, 63038, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 749-0493 \u8232 Home: 1507 Misty Valley Court, Wildwood, MO, 63038, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 458-4736 Cell Phone #: (314) 749-0493\u8232 E-Mail: davidhoover623@gmail.com or ch1031@aol.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/15/2011  Last Update: 05/09/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Information Technology; Retailing; Credit / Working Capital Management\u8232 Notes: Save-A-Lot Food Stores/SuperValu, Richfood Holdings, KPMG Peat Marwick; BS University of Virginia, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Bill White\u8232 ------\
Mr. Anthony A. Kelley, Greeting to use: Tony\uc0\u8232 LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/anthony-a-kelley/\u8232 Work: Director of Finance & Budget, 16th Circuit Court of Jackson County Missouri\u8232 Work: 625 East 26th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64106, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 213-5731 \u8232 Home: 12472 Meadow Lane, Kansas City, KS, 66109, United States\u8232 Home #: (816) 213-5731 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (816) 213-5731\u8232 E-Mail: anthony_kelley@att.net or Anthony.Kelley@courts.mo.gov Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/27/2002  Last Login: 11/18/2023  Last Update: 08/22/2023  Job Date: 08/22/2023\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Treasury; Workouts; Credit / Working Capital Management\u8232 Notes: e 1/18/02 16th Circuit Court of Jackson County Missouri, Consultant, Sub Technologies, Consultant, Bankruptcy Management Corp., Lockheed Martin Integrated Business Solutions, St. Lukes Shawnee Mission Health System, Modis Solutions/McKinley Group, Express Scripts, Western Union Financial Services, AT&T Consumer Products, Maritz, Falcon Products; MBA University of Missouri, MA University of Missouri, BA University of Missouri, CCE\u8232 Sponsor: Tom Wilkas\u8232 ------\
Mr. William T. Kuhn (CPA), Greeting to use: Bill\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President of Finance\u8232 Work: MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (618) 593-3555 \u8232 Home: 508 Pfeffer Drive, Columbia, IL, 62236, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (618) 593-3555\u8232 E-Mail: william.t.kuhn@gmail.com  Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 04/12/2020  Last Update: 04/10/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management; Treasury\u8232 Notes: Barry-Wehmiller Group, Ernst & Young; BS Accounting Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, BS Management Southern Illinois University at Carbondale, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Gino Mangione\u8232 ------\
Mr. Samir C. Lahiri (CPA), Greeting to use: Samir\uc0\u8232 Work: Director, Finance - Controller & Financial Reporting, Silgan Plastics\u8232 Work: Chesterfield, MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 397-9921 \u8232 Home: 14848 Long Branch Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 397-9921 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 397-9921\u8232 E-Mail: sclcpamba@gmail.com or lahiris@wustl.edu Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/29/2009  Last Login: 03/04/2022  Last Update: 02/24/2021  Job Date: 02/24/0021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Internal Audit; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 03/17/09 Silgan Plastics, Pretium Packaging, Consultant, Sensient Colors, Momentum, Sara Lee Bakery Group, Fasco Industries, Dana Corp., General Dynamics, KPMG; MBA Washington University, BSBA University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Jeffrey Grossman\u8232 ------\
Ms. Kathy M. Langan, Greeting to use: Kathy\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Finance, The International Group\u8232 Work: 4240 Utah Street, St. Louis, MO, 63116, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 776-2701 ext: 237 \u8232 Home: 281 Amber Jack Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 227-4987 Cell Phone #: (314) 258-0980\u8232 E-Mail: kathylangan@hotmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/24/2004  Last Update: 03/22/2005  Job Date: 03/23/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 10/12/04 The International Group, Spectrum Brands, The Milnot Co., Pet, Bussman Division/Cooper Industries, Underwood Division/Pet; MBA St. Louis University, BS Quincy College\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Wall\u8232 ------\
Mr. Roger V. Lewis (CPA), Greeting to use: Roger\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Finance, Peterson Manufacturing Company\u8232 Work: 4200 East 135th Street, Kansas City, MO, 64030-2896, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 841-6711 \u8232 Home: 15605 Howe Street, Overland Park, KS, 66224, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (913) 304-0424\u8232 E-Mail: rogerlewis246@aol.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/04/2014  Last Login: 07/13/2017  Last Update: 07/14/2017  Job Date: 07/13/2017\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Automotive Industry; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Peterson Manufacturing Co., Hostess Brands, Caravan Ingredients/CSM.nv, LabOne, ChoicePoint, Garsite & Parent, PricewaterhouseCoopers/Coopers & Lybrand, Boeing/Rockwell International; MBA University of Missouri at Kansas City, BSBA Oklahoma State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Stephanie Chattillion, Cordell Sweeney\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mike Martin, Greeting to use: Mike\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Finance Manager, Thermo Fisher Scientific\u8232 Work: St. Louis, MO, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 399-6893 \u8232 Home: 117 Vlasis Drive, Ballwin, MO, 63011, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (636) 399-6893\u8232 E-Mail: mikegmartin01@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/19/2017  Last Login: 01/04/2021  Last Update: 01/05/2021  Job Date: 01/05/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Telecommunications; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: Thermo Fisher Scientific, Accella Polyurethane Systems, Charter Communications/Spectrum Reach, USA Truck, Tribune/Blue Lynx Media, Monsanto, Verizon; BBA St. Mary's University\u8232 Sponsor: Ken Crawford\u8232 ------\
Mr. Adam J. Matsil (CPA), Greeting to use: Adam\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Marlen International\u8232 Work: 4780 NW 41st Street, Suite 100, Riverside, MO, 64150, United States\u8232 Work #: (469) 766-6628 \u8232 Home: 16012 Kessler Street, Overland Park, KS, 66085, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 681-2545 Cell Phone #: (469) 766-6628\u8232 E-Mail: a.matsil@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 09/08/2013  Last Login: 05/07/2021  Last Update: 10/22/2020  Job Date: 10/22/2020\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Manufacturing; Telecommunications\u8232 Notes: Marlen International, Hostess Brands, CLARCOR Industrial Air, Ericsson/Ericsson Credit, PricewaterhouseCoopers; MPA University of Texas at Austin, BBA University of Texas at Austin, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Dave Kalmeyer\u8232 ------\
Mr. James R. McMillin (Jr., CPA), Greeting to use: Jim\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance & Chief Financial Officer, ELANTAS PDG, Inc. (Altana AG)\u8232 Work: 5200 North 2nd Street, St. Louis, MO, 63147, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 622-8743 (314) 622-8702\u8232 Home: 8 Blackpool Lane, St. Louis, MO, 63132, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 983-0801 Home Fax: (770) 353-2185 Cell Phone #: (314) 484-1170\u8232 E-Mail: jcemcmillin@yahoo.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/10/2002  Last Update: 01/03/2009  Job Date: 07/16/2005\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: International; Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: e 2/27/02 ELANTAS PDG/George Company/Altana AG, Sensient Technologies Corp., Lafarge SA, Blue Circle Industries PLC, McMillin Collis & Associates, Ernst & Young; BS The Ohio State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: George Shields\u8232 ------\
Ms. Elizabeth I. Miller (CPA), Greeting to use: Beth\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, Nidec Corporation/Emerson Electric/Emerson Appliance Motors & Control Division\u8232 Work: 8100 West Florissant, St. Louis, MO, 63136, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 553-2634 (314) 553-3339\u8232 Home: 114 Hickory Lake, Belleville, IL, 62223, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 257-9857 Home Fax: (618) 257-9857 Cell Phone #: (618) 972-9857\u8232 E-Mail: elizabethmiller39@yahoo.com or bethmiller@nidec-motor.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/07/2010  Last Login: 10/26/2020  Last Update: 03/26/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Nidec Corp./Emerson Electric, Ernst & Young; MBA St. Louis University,  BS St. Louis University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Ron Hager\u8232 ------\
Mr. Timothy J. Mortenson, Greeting to use: Tim\uc0\u8232 Work: Finance & Technology Consultant, Timothy J Mortenson LLC\u8232 Work: 16423 Wilson Creek Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63005, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 629-5428 \u8232 Home: 16423 Wilson Creek Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63005-4567, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 537-0516 Cell Phone #: (314) 629-5428\u8232 E-Mail: mortenson.tim@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/26/2012  Last Login: 10/29/2021  Last Update: 07/20/2018  Job Date: 07/20/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Information Technology; M&A/Corporate Development\u8232 Notes: Timothy J Mortenson, Elekta Software/Computerized Medical Systems/CMS, Stereotaxis, Experitec/Munger Co., Bairnco Corp., Arthur Young & Co., Wyer Dick & Co.; MBA Rutgers University, BA College of the Holy Cross\u8232 Sponsor: Bob Feeney\u8232 ------\
Mr. Patrick G. Neville, Greeting to use: Pat\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Operations & Finance, AAI Pharma Analytical Services, Inc.\u8232 Work: 6200 South Lindbergh Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63123, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 885-1112 (314) 649-2100\u8232 Home: 730 Oak Run Lane, Ballwin, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 256-0229 Cell Phone #: (314) 276-0904\u8232 E-Mail: patricknev@aol.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/08/2012  Last Login: 10/29/2012  Last Update: 04/04/2012\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Manufacturing; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: Celsis Analytical Services/AAI Pharma, BakeMark Ingredients East, National Garment Co., Spielberg Manufacturing Co., Coin Acceptors; MBA Webster University, BSBA University of Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: Mark Rowland\u8232 ------\
Mr. Richard M. Newell (CPA, CMA), Greeting to use: Rick\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Pretium Packaging\u8232 Work: 15450 South Outer Forty # 120, Chesterfield, MO, 63011, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 891-3300 \u8232 Home: 915 Chestnut Ridge Road, Manchester, MO, 63021, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 529-1064 Home Fax: (636) 529-1046 Cell Phone #: (636) 891-3300\u8232 E-Mail: newell.richardm@yahoo.com or newell_rick31@yahoo.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/29/2012  Last Login: 05/08/2017  Last Update: 10/29/2018  Job Date: 05/22/2017\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Energy & Natural Resources; Food Industry; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Workouts; Automotive Industry; Pharmaceuticals; Family Businesses; Construction Industry; Aerospace & Defense Companies; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Pretium Packaging, Just Desserts, Dobake Bakeries, Artisan Confections/The Hershey Co., Parmalat/Archway & Mother's Cookies, Duke Manufacturing, Vanguard Plastics, Vi-Jon Labs, A.R.P./Kellwood Co., Ernst & Young; MBA Southern Illinois University, BA State University of New York at Binghamton, CPA, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Dan Dahlke\u8232 ------\
Mr. Ismael Paredes (III), Greeting to use: Ismael\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Director Finance, Mergers & Acquisitions, SunEdison, Inc.\u8232 Work: 501 Pearl Drive, St Peters, MO, 63376, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 579-4786 \u8232 Home: 54 Valentine Farm Lane, Weldon Spring, MO, 63304, United States\u8232 Cell Phone #: (636) 579-4786\u8232 E-Mail: ismaelparedes@icloud.com or paredesusa@hotmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 08/04/2013  Last Login: 10/19/2021  Last Update: 12/02/2019  Job Date: 09/04/2014\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL; S\'e3o Paulo, Brazil; Mexico City, Mexico\u8232 SIGs: Capital Markets; Energy & Natural Resources; High Technology; Internal Audit; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management; Automotive Industry; IFRS/US GAAP Convergence\u8232 Notes: SunEdison, Navistar (US, Brazil & Mexico), Quimest (Mexico), Deloitte & Touche (Mexico); MBA Universidad Anahuac (Mexico), BS Universidad Tecnologica de Mexico (Mexico), Fluent in Spanish & Portuguese\u8232 Sponsor: Cary Ashton\u8232 ------\
Ms. Karen D. Rhyner (CPA), Greeting to use: Karen\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Director, Finance, Catalent Pharma Solutions\u8232 Work: 10245 Hickman Mills Drive, Kansas City, MO, 64137, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 767-4038 \u8232 Home: 12722 Mohawk Circle, Leawood, KS, 66209, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 451-0045 Cell Phone #: (816) 812-2155\u8232 E-Mail: Karen.Rhyner@sbcglobal.net or Karen.Rhyner@catalent.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 07/06/2008  Last Update: 01/21/2014\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: e 6/22/08 Catalent Pharma Solutions/Aptuit, Colgate-Palmolive Co., PriceWaterhouseCoopers/Coopers & Lybrand; BS Rider University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Peter Adamski\u8232 ------\
Mr. Benjamin S. Sawaya, Greeting to use: Ben\uc0\u8232 Work: Global Director of Finance, MeadWestvaco\u8232 Work: 11901 Grandview Road, Grandview, MO, 64030, United States\u8232 Work #: (816) 986-6311 \u8232 Home: 16348 Nieman Road, Overland Park, KS, 66062, United States\u8232 Home #: (913) 261-9048 Cell Phone #: (816) 719-9273\u8232 E-Mail: bensawaya@yahoo.com or bensawaya@gmail.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 03/02/2014  Last Login: 04/26/2019  Last Update: 02/27/2014\u8232 Chapters: Kansas City (Metro), KS and MO\u8232 SIGs: High Technology; International; Manufacturing; Aerospace & Defense Companies\u8232 Notes: MeadWestvaco, Honeywell International, Daw Technologies; MBA Brigham Young University, MS Brigham Young University, BS Brigham Young University, Fluent in Spanish\u8232 Sponsor: Jeff Peterson\u8232 ------\
Mr. Mark A. Schmiemeier, Greeting to use: Mark\uc0\u8232 Work: Director of Finance, Wallis Oil Company, Inc.\u8232 Work: 106 East Washington, Cuba, MO, 65453, United States\u8232 Work #: (636) 549-1520 (636) 549-1519\u8232 Home: 106 East Washington, Cuba, MO, 65453, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 390-4913 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 709-5511\u8232 E-Mail: mschmiemeier@mail.wallisco.com or schmeman@aol.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 10/01/2017  Last Login: 01/12/2018  Last Update: 12/17/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Internal Audit; Retailing\u8232 Notes: Wallis Oil Co./Wallis Companies, John Stark Printing Co., Corporate Express Office Products, Hazelwood Farms Bakeries, Supervalu Distribution Services, Wetterau; BSBA University of Missouri at St. Louis\u8232 Sponsor: Bob Goldsticker\u8232 ------\
Ms. Julia C. Stagner, Greeting to use: Julia\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President Finance, Business Operations, Correctional Medical Services\u8232 Work: 12647 Olive, Saint Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 324-6604 \u8232 Home: 81 Berlinger Drive, Saint Charles, MO, 63304, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 441-4147 Cell Phone #: (314) 324-6604\u8232 E-Mail: jjjstagner@sbcglobal.net or jstagner@crnsstl.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 12/21/2008\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; Retailing\u8232 Notes: e 12/5/08 Valitas Health Services/Correctional Medical Services/Spectrum Healthcare Services, Edison Brothers Stores, Ernst & Young, Mirex Corp.; BS Washington University St. Louis, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Greg Meier\u8232 ------\
Mr. Stephen L. Tippit, Greeting to use: Steve\uc0\u8232 Work: Director, Finance Strategic Initiatives, Express Scripts, Inc.\u8232 Work: One Express Way, St. Louis, MO, 63121, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 810-3182 \u8232 Home: 7361 Wolfrun Trail, Fairview Heights, IL, 62208, United States\u8232 Home #: (618) 624-6588 Cell Phone #: (314) 952-9888\u8232 E-Mail: stephen.tippit@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/22/2015  Last Update: 02/17/2015\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; Healthcare; Information Technology; Manufacturing; Pharmaceuticals\u8232 Notes: Express-Scripts, Ernst & Young, Anheuser-Busch InBev, Eagle Snacks, PricewaterhouseCoopers/Coopers & Lybrand, McGladrey & Pullen; BS Eastern Illinois University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Chris Parcell\u8232 ------\
Mr. Joerg Vogt, Greeting to use: Joerg\uc0\u8232 Work: Director, Finance & Accounting International, Sigma-Aldrich Corporation\u8232 Work: 3050 Spruce Street, St. Louis, MO, 63103, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 713-0861 \u8232 Home: 500 North & South Road, University City, MO, 63130, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 862-6908 Cell Phone #: (314) 737-7002\u8232 E-Mail: joerg.vogt1@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 01/13/2013  Last Login: 03/20/2014  Last Update: 04/04/2014\u8232 Chapters: Atlanta, GA; Charleston, SC; Charlotte, NC; Chicago (Suburban), IL; Dallas, TX; Houston, TX; Saint Louis, MO; Chicago (Downtown), IL; Houston (Katy/Sugar Land), TX; S\'e3o Paulo, Brazil; Mexico City, Mexico; Houston (The Woodlands), TX\u8232 SIGs: Food Industry; High Technology; International; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Automotive Industry; Pharmaceuticals; Private Equity; Eastern Europe\u8232 Notes: NetEffects, Sigma-Aldrich Corp./Sigma-Aldrich Laborchemikalien (US Brazil & Germany), KPMG Peat Marwick/KPMG Cardenas Dosal (Mexico & Germany); MBA University of Murnster, Fluent in German\u8232 Sponsor: Tony Accurso, Don Ficken\u8232 ------\
\
\uc0\u8232 Mr. Christopher R. Isaak (CPA), Greeting to use: Chris\u8232 LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/christopherisaak/\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller & Chief Accounting Officer, Centene Corporation\u8232 Work: 7700 Forsyth Boulevard, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 681-3555 \u8232 Home: 14830 Annasarra Court, Chesterfield, MO, 63017, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 386-5907 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 681-3555\u8232 E-Mail: chris.isaak@sbcglobal.net  Status: Active\u8232 Member Since: 02/14/2016  Last Login: 11/14/2023  Last Update: 04/19/2022  Job Date: 04/27/2018\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Insurance; Manufacturing; M&A/Corporate Development; Retailing; Tax; Treasury; Private Equity\u8232 Notes: Centene Corporation, TTM Technologies, Viasystems Group, Kellwood Co., KPMG, Arthur Andersen; BBA University of Notre Dame, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Sam Duggan, Tony Accurso\u8232 ------\
Mr. John S. Norman, Greeting to use: John\uc0\u8232 Work: Vice President, Controller & Chief Accounting Officer, Belden Inc.\u8232 Work: 7733 Forsyth Boulevard, Suite 800, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Home: 9531 West Hialeah Place, Littleton, CO, 80123, United States\u8232 Home #: (303) 972-0745 Cell Phone #: (720) 635-4587\u8232 E-Mail: jstenorman@aol.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/29/2004  Last Update: 03/06/2015\u8232 Chapters: Denver, CO; Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing; Real Estate\u8232 Notes: e 2/16/04 Belden, Graphic Packaging International Corp., PricewaterhouseCoopers, Price Waterhouse; BS University of Missouri, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Gard Edgarton\u8232 ------\
Mr. Edward Noble Scoville (III), Greeting to use: Noble\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Accounting Officer, Altus Biologics\u8232 Work: 151 Hamilton Industrial Court, Wentzville, MO, 63385, United States\u8232 Work #: (326) 4430 \u8232 Home: 19 Cherrywood Parc Court, O'Fallon, MO, 63368, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 379-2415 Cell Phone #: (314) 914-5343\u8232 E-Mail: noble.scoville@gmail.com  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 02/10/2013  Last Login: 01/04/2021  Last Update: 01/04/2021  Job Date: 01/04/2021\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Information Technology; Manufacturing; Family Businesses; Healthcare\u8232 Notes: Altus Biologics, Answers Corp., Eyecare Partners, Answers Corp., Spartech Corp./PolyOne Corp., ContinentalAFA Dispensing Co., Jackson Products/Kimberly-Clark, Western NonWovens, Hunter Engineering Co., American Direct Marketing, Accountemps; MBA Webster University, BS Auburn University at Montgomery\u8232 Sponsor: Steve Beluk\u8232 ------\
Mr. Jeff A. Zadoks (CPA, CMA), Greeting to use: Jeff\uc0\u8232 Work: Senior Vice President & Chief Accounting Officer, RehabCare Group, Inc.\u8232 Work: 7733 Forsyth Boulevard, Suite 2300, St. Louis, MO, 63105, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 659-2417 (866) 245-0401\u8232 Home: 2024 Sundowner Ridge Drive, Wildwood, MO, 63011, United States\u8232 Home #: (636) 405-1641 Cell Phone #: (314) 489-4858\u8232 E-Mail: jeff.zadoks@sbcglobal.net or jazadoks@rehabcare.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 05/22/2011  Last Update: 09/22/2011\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Healthcare; M&A/Corporate Development; Risk Management\u8232 Notes: RehabCare Group, MEMC Electronic Materials, KPMG; BS University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, CPA, CMA\u8232 Sponsor: Sam Duggan\u8232 ------\
\
\uc0\u8232 Mr. Ronald P. Steinkamp (CPA, CIA, CFE, CRMA, CGMA, CCA), Greeting to use: Ron\u8232 Work: Partner, Advisory Services & Public Sector, Armanino/Brown Smith Wallace LLP\u8232 Work: 6 City Place Drive, Suite 900, St. Louis, MO, 63141, United States\u8232 Work #: (314) 983-1238 (314) 983-1300\u8232 Home: 7679 Fine Oaks Place, St. Louis, MO, 63129, United States\u8232 Home #: (314) 293-2408 Home Fax:  Cell Phone #: (314) 302-1382\u8232 E-Mail: steinkamps6@att.net  Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/05/2009  Last Login: 08/06/2012  Last Update: 05/03/2022  Job Date: 04/29/2010\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Internal Audit; Not-for-Profit; Professional Services; Risk Management\u8232 Notes: Armanino/Brown Smith Wallace, Adams Harris, Jefferson Wells International, City of St. Louis, U.S. Army Audit Agency, Wetterau; BS University of Missouri at Columbia, CPA, CIA, CFE, CRMA, CGMA, CCA, CCP\u8232 Sponsor: Steve Paquette\u8232 ------\
Mr. Reid B. Willen, Greeting to use: Reid\uc0\u8232 Work: Chief Financial Officer, Secretary, Magnitude 7 Metals\u8232 Work: 391 St Jude Industrial Park, Marston, MO, 63866, United States\u8232 Home: 1823 Silverthorne Trail, Cape Girardeau, MO, 63701, United States\u8232 Home #: (573) 768-0402 Cell Phone #: (573) 768-0402\u8232 E-Mail: rbwillen@gmail.com or rbwillen@buchheitonline.com Status: Alumni\u8232 Member Since: 04/03/2011  Last Login: 09/12/2020  Last Update: 09/17/2020  Job Date: 09/17/2020\u8232 Chapters: Saint Louis, MO\u8232 SIGs: Manufacturing\u8232 Notes: Magnitude 7 Metals, Buchheit Enterprises, Procter & Gamble; BS Ball State University, CPA\u8232 Sponsor: Harold Jennings\u8232 ------\
\
}